.TH C 3 "07 Aug 2006" "Karma Distribution"
.SH PACKAGE
c \- Routines to manage callback lists
.SH PURPOSE
These routines are meant to provide a general purpose callback management
framework. Library packages and applications may use this package to
implement their own callback mechanisms. This package removes the need for
external code to maintain and traverse callback lists.
.SH LIBRARY
karma
.SH LINK WITH
-lkarma
.SH FUNCTIONS
.IP \fIc_register_callback\fP 1i
Register a callback function with a list.
.IP \fIc_unregister_callback\fP 1i
Unregister a callback function.
.IP \fIc_call_callbacks\fP 1i
Call all registered callbacks for an object.
.IP \fIc_destroy_list\fP 1i
Destroy a callback list.
.IP \fIc_move_callback\fP 1i
Move a callback function.
.IP \fIc_list_dispatching\fP 1i
Test if a callback list is currently dispatching events.
.IP \fIc_list_dispatching2\fP 1i
Test if a callback list is currently dispatching events.
.IP \fIc_list_test_empty\fP 1i
Test if a callback list has any callbacks registered with it.
.IP \fIc_write_null_func\fP 1i
Write NULL to a pointer.
.IP \fIc_write_2nulls_func\fP 1i
Write NULL values to a structure containing two pointers.
.IP \fIc_unregister_callback2\fP 1i
Unregister a callback function.
.IP \fIc_PROTO_callback\fP 1i
Generic callback.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
