.TH CANVAS_DRAW_IMAGE 3 "07 Aug 2006" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
canvas_draw_image \- Draw a PseudoColour image onto a world canvas.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_canvas.h>
.sp
.B flag canvas_draw_image
.sp
(KWorldCanvas canvas, array_desc *arr_desc, char *slice,
unsigned int hdim, unsigned int vdim,
unsigned int elem_index,
KPixCanvasImageCache *cache_ptr)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will draw a 2-dimensional PseudoColour slice of a
Karma array onto a world canvas. This slice may be tiled.
.IP \fIcanvas\fP 1i
The world canvas object.
.IP \fIarr_desc\fP 1i
The array descriptor for the image.
.IP \fIslice\fP 1i
The start of the slice (image) data.
.IP \fIhdim\fP 1i
The dimension index of the horizontal dimension.
.IP \fIvdim\fP 1i
The dimension index of the vertical dimension.
.IP \fIelem_index\fP 1i
The element index of the data packets.
.IP \fIcache_ptr\fP 1i
The routine may produce cache data which will vastly increase
the speed of subsequent operations on this data. The routine will write a
pointer to this data here. Prior to process exit, a call MUST be made to
<-kwin_free_cache_data->, otherwise shared memory segments could remain
after the process exits.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE on success, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
