.TH CANVAS_DRAW_ARC 3 "07 Aug 2006" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
canvas_draw_arc \- Draw an arc onto a world canvas.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_canvas.h>
.sp
.B flag canvas_draw_arc
.sp
(KWorldCanvas canvas,
double centre_x, double centre_y,
double radius_x, double radius_y,
double angle1, double angle2, double rotation,
double value[2], flag fill)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Draw an arc onto a world canvas.
.IP \fIcanvas\fP 1i
The world canvas object.
.IP \fIcentre_x\fP 1i
The horizontal world co-ordinate of the centre of the ellipse.
.IP \fIcentre_y\fP 1i
The vertical world co-ordinate of the centre of the ellipse.
.IP \fIradius_x\fP 1i
The horizontal radius in world co-ordinates.
.IP \fIradius_y\fP 1i
The vertical radius in world co-ordinates.
.IP \fIangle1\fP 1i
The start of the arc, in units of degrees, relative to +X.
Increasing positive values are anticlockwise.
.IP \fIangle2\fP 1i
The end of the arc, in units of degrees, relative to +X.
Increasing positive values are anticlockwise.
.IP \fIrotation\fP 1i
The rotation of the arc, in degrees. A rotation of 0 degrees
corresponds to (x > 0, y = 0). A rotation of 90 degrees corresponds to
(x = 0, y > 0). In other words, the angle increases anticlockwise from the
right.
.IP \fIvalue\fP 1i
The complex value to draw the ellipse with. This must be of type
K_DCOMPLEX.
.IP \fIfill\fP 1i
If TRUE, the arc is filled, else only the outside is drawn.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE on success, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
