.TH CANVAS_CONVERT_TO_CANVAS_COORDS 3 "07 Aug 2006" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
canvas_convert_to_canvas_coords \- Convert pixel co-ordinates to world co-ordinates.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_canvas.h>
.sp
.B void canvas_convert_to_canvas_coords
.sp
(KWorldCanvas canvas, flag clip,
unsigned int num_coords,
CONST double *xin, CONST double *yin,
double *xout_lin, double *yout_lin,
double *xout, double *yout)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Convert pixel co-ordinates to world co-ordinates.
.IP \fIcanvas\fP 1i
The world canvas object.
.IP \fIclip\fP 1i
If TRUE, pixel co-ordinates are first clipped to the canvas
boundaries prior to conversion.
.IP \fInum_coords\fP 1i
The number of co-ordinates to convert.
.IP \fIxin\fP 1i
The array of input horizontal pixel co-ordinates.
.IP \fIyin\fP 1i
The array of input vertical pixel co-ordinates.
.IP \fIxout_lin\fP 1i
The array of output horizontal linear world co-ordinates are
written here. If this is NULL, nothing is written here.
.IP \fIyout_lin\fP 1i
The array of output vertical linear world co-ordinates are
written here. If this is NULL, nothing is written here.
.IP \fIxout\fP 1i
The array of output horizontal non-linear world co-ordinates are
written here. If this is NULL, nothing is written here.
.IP \fIyout\fP 1i
The array of output vertical non-linear world co-ordinates are
written here. If this is NULL, nothing is written here.
.SH RETURN VALUE
Nothing.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
