.TH CANVAS_PROTO_COORD_TRANSFORM_FUNC 3 "07 Aug 2006" "Karma Distribution"
.SH PROTO_FUNC
canvas_PROTO_coord_transform_func \- Co-ordinate transformation callback.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_canvas.h>
.sp
.B void canvas_PROTO_coord_transform_func
.sp
(KWorldCanvas canvas,
unsigned int num_coords,
double *x, flag x_to_linear,
double *y, flag y_to_linear,
double left_x, double right_x,
double bottom_y, double top_y,
void **info)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will transform between linear and non-linear world
co-ordinates.
.IP \fIcanvas\fP 1i
The canvas on which the event occurred.
.IP \fInum_coords\fP 1i
The number of co-ordinates to transform.
.IP \fIx\fP 1i
The array of horizontal world co-ordinates. These are modified.
.IP \fIx_to_linear\fP 1i
If TRUE, then the horizontal co-ordinates are converted from
non-linear to linear, else they are converted from linear to non-linear.
.IP \fIy\fP 1i
The array of vertical world co-ordinates. These are modified.
.IP \fIy_to_linear\fP 1i
If TRUE, then the vertical co-ordinates are converted from
non-linear to linear, else they are converted from linear to non-linear.
.IP \fIinfo\fP 1i
A pointer to the arbitrary transform information pointer.
.SH RETURN VALUE
Nothing.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
