.TH CANVAS_PROTO_COORD_CONVERT_FUNC 3 "07 Aug 2006" "Karma Distribution"
.SH PROTO_FUNC
canvas_PROTO_coord_convert_func \- Co-ordinate conversion callback.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_canvas.h>
.sp
.B flag canvas_PROTO_coord_convert_func
.sp
(KWorldCanvas canvas,
unsigned int num_coords,
CONST double *xin, CONST double *yin,
double *xout, double *yout,
flag to_linear, void **info)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will convert between linear co-ordinates and pixel
co-ordinates for a world canvas.
.IP \fIcanvas\fP 1i
The canvas.
.IP \fInum_coords\fP 1i
The number of co-ordinates to transform.
.IP \fIxin\fP 1i
The array of input horizontal co-ordinates.
.IP \fIyin\fP 1i
The array of input vertical co-ordinates.
.IP \fIxout\fP 1i
The array of output horizontal co-ordinates are written here.
.IP \fIyout\fP 1i
The array of output vertical co-ordinates are written here.
.IP \fIto_linear\fP 1i
If TRUE, then a pixel to linear co-ordinate transform is
required, else a linear to pixel co-ordinate transform is required.
.IP \fIinfo\fP 1i
A pointer to the arbitrary canvas information pointer.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE if the conversion was completed, else FALSE indicating
that the default conversions should be used.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
