.TH CANVAS_PROTO_PRECOMPUTE_FUNC 3 "07 Aug 2006" "Karma Distribution"
.SH PROTO_FUNC
canvas_PROTO_precompute_func \- Precompute event callback.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_canvas.h>
.sp
.B void canvas_PROTO_precompute_func
.sp
(KWorldCanvas canvas, int width, int height,
struct win_scale_type *win_scale,
Kcolourmap cmap, flag cmap_resize,
void **info, PostScriptPage pspage,
unsigned int num_areas,
KPixCanvasRefreshArea *areas)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine processes a precompute event for a world canvas.
.IP \fIcanvas\fP 1i
The world canvas.
.IP \fIwidth\fP 1i
The width of the canvas in pixels.
.IP \fIheight\fP 1i
The height of the canvas in pixels.
.IP \fIwin_scale\fP 1i
A pointer to the window scaling information. The data are only
valid during this callback.
.IP \fIcmap\fP 1i
The canvas colourmap.
.IP \fIcmap_resize\fP 1i
If TRUE, the refresh is due to a colourmap resize.
.IP \fIinfo\fP 1i
A pointer to the arbitrary information pointer.
.IP \fIpspage\fP 1i
The PostScriptPage object. If this is NULL, the refresh is *not*
destined for a PostScript page.
.IP \fInum_areas\fP 1i
The number of areas that need to be refreshed. If this is
0 then the entire pixel canvas needs to be refreshed.
.IP \fIareas\fP 1i
The list of areas that need to be refreshed. Note that these
areas are given in pixel co-ordinates.
.SH RETURN VALUE
Nothing.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
