.TH CANVAS_SPECIFY 3 "07 Aug 2006" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
canvas_specify \- Set specification information for a world canvas.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_canvas.h>
.sp
.B flag canvas_specify
.sp
(KWorldCanvas canvas,
CONST char *xlabel, CONST char *ylabel,
unsigned int num_restr, CONST char **restr_names,
CONST double *restr_values)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will change the specifications for a canvas. This
includes the horizontal and vertical dimension labels and any restrictions.
The entire specification is copied (i.e. the inputs may be freed).
.IP \fIcanvas\fP 1i
The world canvas object.
.IP \fIxlabel\fP 1i
The horizontal dimension label.
.IP \fIylabel\fP 1i
The vertical dimension label.
.IP \fInum_restr\fP 1i
The number of restrictions.
.IP \fIrestr_names\fP 1i
The array of restriction names.
.IP \fIrestr_values\fP 1i
The restriction values.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE on success, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH NOTES
This routine DOES NOT cause the canvas to be refreshed. It is highly
recommended that the canvas is refreshed after this routine, as higher
level packages may depend on the specification information.
.sp
All string values are copied.
.sp
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
