.TH CANVAS_PROTO_REFRESH_FUNC 3 "07 Aug 2006" "Karma Distribution"
.SH PROTO_FUNC
canvas_PROTO_refresh_func \- Refresh event callback.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_canvas.h>
.sp
.B void canvas_PROTO_refresh_func
.sp
(KWorldCanvas canvas, int width, int height,
CONST struct win_scale_type *win_scale,
Kcolourmap cmap, flag cmap_resize, void **info,
PostScriptPage pspage,
unsigned int num_areas,
KPixCanvasRefreshArea *areas,
flag *honoured_areas)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine is a refresh event consumer for a world canvas.
.IP \fIcanvas\fP 1i
The world canvas being refreshed.
.IP \fIwidth\fP 1i
The width of the canvas in pixels.
.IP \fIheight\fP 1i
The height of the canvas in pixels.
.IP \fIwin_scale\fP 1i
A pointer to the window scaling information. The data are only
valid during this callback.
.IP \fIcmap\fP 1i
The colourmap associated with the canvas.
.IP \fIcmap_resize\fP 1i
TRUE if the refresh function was called as a result of a
colourmap resize, else FALSE.
.IP \fIinfo\fP 1i
A pointer to the arbitrary canvas information pointer.
.IP \fIpspage\fP 1i
If not NULL, the PostScriptPage object the refresh is
redirected to.
.IP \fInum_areas\fP 1i
The number of areas that need to be refreshed. If this is
0 then the entire pixel canvas needs to be refreshed.
.IP \fIareas\fP 1i
The list of areas that need to be refreshed. Note that these
areas are given in pixel co-ordinates.
.IP \fIhonoured_areas\fP 1i
If the value TRUE is written here it is assumed the
routine honoured the list of refresh areas and did not write outside
these areas and hence the list of areas will be passed to subsequent
registered refresh routines. If FALSE is written here (or nothing is
written here), implying the routine refreshed the entire canvas,
subsequent refresh routines will be told to refresh the entire canvas.
.SH RETURN VALUE
Nothing.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
