.TH CANVAS_PROTO_POSITION_FUNC 3 "07 Aug 2006" "Karma Distribution"
.SH PROTO_FUNC
canvas_PROTO_position_func \- Position event callback.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_canvas.h>
.sp
.B flag canvas_PROTO_position_func
.sp
(KWorldCanvas canvas, double x, double y,
unsigned int event_code, void *e_info,
void **f_info, double x_lin, double y_lin,
int x_pix, int y_pix)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine is a position event consumer for a world canvas.
.IP \fIcanvas\fP 1i
The canvas on which the event occurred.
.IP \fIx\fP 1i
The horizontal world co-ordinate of the event.
.IP \fIy\fP 1i
The vertical world co-ordinate of the event.
.IP \fIevent_code\fP 1i
The arbitrary event code.
.IP \fIe_info\fP 1i
A pointer to arbitrary event information.
.IP \fIf_info\fP 1i
A pointer to an arbitrary function information pointer.
.IP \fIx_lin\fP 1i
The horizontal linear world co-ordinate prior to the transform
function being called.
.IP \fIy_lin\fP 1i
The vertical linear world co-ordinate prior to the transform
function being called.
.IP \fIx_pix\fP 1i
The horizontal pixel co-ordinate.
.IP \fIy_pix\fP 1i
The vertical pixel co-ordinate.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE if the event was consumed, else FALSE indicating that
the event is still to be processed.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH NOTE
The world co-ordinate values will have been transformed by the
registered transform function (see <-canvas_register_transforms_func->).
.sp
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
