.TH CANVAS_CREATE_STROKE_INSTRUCTION 3 "07 Aug 2006" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
canvas_create_stroke_instruction \- Create an image editing stroke instruction.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_canvas.h>
.sp
.B flag canvas_create_stroke_instruction
.sp
(KWorldCanvas canvas,
double x0, double y0,
double x1, double y1,
unsigned int brush_width,
double value[2], KImageEditList ilist)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will create a 2-dimensional edit stroke instruction,
according to the specification in the <-iedit-> package and will append it
to a managed edit list.
.IP \fIcanvas\fP 1i
The world canvas which contains the world co-ordinate system.
.IP \fIx0\fP 1i
The starting horizontal co-ordidinate of the stroke.
.IP \fIy0\fP 1i
The starting vertical co-ordidinate of the stroke.
.IP \fIx1\fP 1i
The ending horizontal co-ordidinate of the stroke.
.IP \fIy1\fP 1i
The ending vertical co-ordidinate of the stroke.
.IP \fIbrush_width\fP 1i
The width of the stroke (in canvas pixels). This must be at
least 1.
.IP \fIvalue\fP 1i
The data value in the stroke instruction. This must be of type
K_DCOMPLEX.
.IP \fIilist\fP 1i
The managed edit list.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE on success, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
