.TH CANVAS_RESIZE 3 "07 Aug 2006" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
canvas_resize \- Resize a world canvas.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_canvas.h>
.sp
.B flag canvas_resize
.sp
(KWorldCanvas canvas, struct win_scale_type *win_scale,
flag always_clear)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will register a resize in the world canvas size.
This will cause any refresh routines registered for the canvas to be
called. The associated pixel canvas is refreshed, hence, refresh routines
registered for the pixel canvas will also be called.
.IP \fIcanvas\fP 1i
The world canvas object.
.IP \fIwin_scale\fP 1i
The new window scaling information. If this is NULL no change
is made to the window scaling information, and a simple refresh occurs.
.IP \fIalways_clear\fP 1i
If FALSE, <<win_scale>> is NULL and there is a size
control function registered for the world canvas, then if that function
does not change the values of the <<x_offset>>, <<x_pixels>>, <<y_offset>>
or <<y_pixels>> fields in the window scaling information, the associated
pixel canvas is NOT cleared. Under all other circumstances, the pixel
canvas is cleared prior to calling any refresh functions.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE on success, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
