.TH CF 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH PACKAGE
cf \- Routines to compute and write RGB colour values into arrays
.SH PURPOSE
These routines are meant to provide a VERY primitive mechanism to generate
simple colourmaps. Although these routines are made public, their use is
NOT recommended. The <-kcmap-> package is the suggested means to create
and manipulate colourmaps.
.SH LIBRARY
karma
.SH LINK WITH
-lkarma
.SH FUNCTIONS
.IP \fIcf_mandelbrot\fP 1i
Compute a mandelbrot colourmap.
.IP \fIcf_greyscale1\fP 1i
Compute a greyscale colourmap.
.IP \fIcf_greyscale2\fP 1i
Compute a greyscale colourmap.
.IP \fIcf_greyscale3\fP 1i
Compute a greyscale colourmap.
.IP \fIcf_rainbow1\fP 1i
Compute a rainbow colourmap.
.IP \fIcf_rainbow2\fP 1i
Compute a rainbow colourmap.
.IP \fIcf_rainbow3\fP 1i
Compute a rainbow colourmap.
.IP \fIcf_cyclic1\fP 1i
Compute a rainbow colourmap.
.IP \fIcf_stripchart\fP 1i
Compute a rainbow colourmap.
.IP \fIcf_random_grey\fP 1i
Compute a random grey colourmap.
.IP \fIcf_random_pseudocolour\fP 1i
Compute a random pseudocolour colourmap.
.IP \fIcf_velocity_compensating_tones\fP 1i
Compute a Velocity (compensating tones) colourmap.
.IP \fIcf_compressed_colourmap_3r2g2b\fP 1i
Compute a compressed colourmap.
.IP \fIcf_ronekers\fP 1i
Compute a Ron Ekers colourmap.
.IP \fIcf_background\fP 1i
Compute a background colourmap.
.IP \fIcf_heat\fP 1i
Compute a heat colourmap.
.IP \fIcf_isophot\fP 1i
Compute an isophot colourmap.
.IP \fIcf_mono\fP 1i
Compute a greyscale colourmap.
.IP \fIcf_mousse\fP 1i
Compute a mousse colourmap.
.IP \fIcf_rainbow\fP 1i
Compute a rainbow colourmap.
.IP \fIcf_random\fP 1i
Compute a rainbow colourmap.
.IP \fIcf_rgb\fP 1i
Compute an rainbow colourmap.
.IP \fIcf_smooth\fP 1i
Compute a rainbow colourmap.
.IP \fIcf_staircase\fP 1i
Compute a staircase colourmap.
.IP \fIcf_mirp\fP 1i
Compute a MIRP colourmap.
.IP \fIcf_rgb2\fP 1i
Compute a MIRP colourmap.
.IP \fIcf_fire\fP 1i
Compute a "Fire" colourmap.
.IP \fIcf_spring\fP 1i
Compute a "Spring" colourmap.
.IP \fIcf_sea\fP 1i
Compute a "Sea" colourmap.
.IP \fIcf_sunbow\fP 1i
Compute a "Sunbow" colourmap.
.IP \fIcf_mutant\fP 1i
Compute a "Mutant" colourmap.
.IP \fIcf_aberration\fP 1i
Compute an "Aberration" colourmap.
.IP \fIcf_colour_table\fP 1i
Compute a colourmap using a table.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
