.TH CH_MAP_DISC 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
ch_map_disc \- Map a disc file.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_ch.h>
.sp
.B Channel ch_map_disc
.sp
(CONST char *filename, unsigned int option, flag writable,
flag update_on_write)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will open a memory channel with the memory pages
being mapped from a disc file. The disc file must already exist.
.IP \fIfilename\fP 1i
The pathname of the file to open.
.IP \fIoption\fP 1i
Control value which determines whether the channel is opened as an
ordinary disc file or is mapped. See <-ch_MAP_CONTROLS-> for legal values.
If the file is not mapped then the routine will attempt to open an ordinary
disc channel. If the file is opened as a disc channel the access mode is:
"rz".
.IP \fIwritable\fP 1i
If the mapped pages are to be writable, this must be TRUE. If
this is FALSE and the memory pages are written to, a segmentation fault
occurs.
.IP \fIupdate_on_write\fP 1i
If the disc file should be updated when the memory pages
are written to, this must be TRUE. If this is FALSE, then a write to a
memory page causes the page to be copied into swap space and the process
retains a private copy of the page from this point on.
.SH RETURN VALUE
A channel object on success, else NULL.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH NOTES
If <<update_on_write>> is FALSE and <<writable>> is TRUE, then some
systems require the allocation of normal virtual memory equal to the size
of the disc file at the time of mapping, while others will dynamically
allocate memory from swap space as pages are written into. In the latter
case, some systems will cause a segmentation fault if swap space is
exhausted, while other systems wait for space to be freed.
.sp
The channel may be queried to determine if it has been memory mapped
using the call <<ch_test_for_mmap>>.
.sp
If the "CH_MMAP_DISABLE" environment variable is defined, then
memory mapping is disabled.
.sp
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
