.TH CHM_MANAGE 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
chm_manage \- Manage a channel for activity by registering callback routines.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_chm.h>
.sp
.B KManagedChannel chm_manage
.sp
( Channel channel, void *info,
flag (*input_func) (), void (*close_func) (),
flag (*output_func) (),flag (*exception_func) () )
.SH DESCRIPTION
Manage a channel for activity by registering callback routines.
.IP \fIchannel\fP 1i
The channel object to manage.
.IP \fIinfo\fP 1i
The arbitrary information pointer associated with the managed
channel. This pointer may be modified by the callback routines.
.IP \fIinput_func\fP 1i
This routine is called when new input occurs on the channel.
If this is NULL, no callback routine is installed. The prototype function
is <-chm_PROTO_input_func->.
.IP \fIclose_func\fP 1i
This routine is called when the channel closes. If this is
NULL, no callback routine is installed. The prototype function is
<-chm_PROTO_close_func->. The channel object MUST be capable of detecting
closure if this routine is supplied (i.e. this routine cannot be supplied
for dock channels). Any unread buffered data in the channel will be lost
upon closure. The call to this function is the last chance to read this
buffered data.
.IP \fIoutput_func\fP 1i
This routine is called when the channel becomes ready for
output. If this is NULL, no callback routine is installed. The prototype
function is <-chm_PROTO_output_func->.
.IP \fIexception_func\fP 1i
This routine is called when exceptions occur on the
channel. If this is NULL, no callback routine is installed. The prototype
function is <-chm_PROTO_exception_func->.
.SH RETURN VALUE
A KManagedChannel object on success, else NULL.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
