.TH CM_MANAGE 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
cm_manage \- Register a function to manage a child process.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_cm.h>
.sp
.B flag cm_manage
.sp
( int pid, void (*stop_func) (), void (*term_func) (),
void (*exit_func) () )
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will manage a child process for state changes by
registering callback routines.
.IP \fIpid\fP 1i
The child process ID to manage.
.IP \fIstop_func\fP 1i
This routine is called when the child is stopped (by a SIGTTIN,
SIGTTOU, SIGTSTP, or SIGSTOP signal). If this is NULL, no callback routine
is installed. The prototype function is <-cm_PROTO_stop_func->
.IP \fIterm_func\fP 1i
This routine is called when the child terminates due to a
signal. If this is NULL, no callback routine is installed. The prototype
function is <-cm_PROTO_term_func->.
.IP \fIexit_func\fP 1i
This routine is called when the child exits due to a call to
<<_exit>>. If this is NULL, no callback routine is installed. The prototype
function is <-cm_PROTO_exit_func->.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE on success, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH NOTE
If a child process is killed or exits, its callback routines are
automatically removed. The <<term_func>> or <<exit_func>> MUST NOT unmanage
the child process.
.sp
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
