.TH COL_HSB_SLICE_TO_RGB_ARRAY 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
col_hsb_slice_to_rgb_array \- Generate a table of RGB values from a slice of HSB space.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_col.h>
.sp
.B void col_hsb_slice_to_rgb_array
.sp
(unsigned long rgb_array[65536],
unsigned long red_mask,
unsigned long green_mask,
unsigned long blue_mask,
float min_brightness, float max_brightness,
float start_hue, float stop_hue,
float saturation)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will convert a slice in HSB (Hue, Saturation and
Brightness) colour space to a 2-dimensional array of RGB (Red, Green and
Blue) values. The HSB slice covers a range of hue and brightness at a fixed
satutation.
.IP \fIrgb_array\fP 1i
The 256*256 array of RGB values will be written here. The upper
dimension will map to brightness and the lower dimension will map to hue.
.IP \fIred_mask\fP 1i
The bitmask used when writing the red colour component.
.IP \fIgreen_mask\fP 1i
The bitmask used when writing the green colour component.
.IP \fIblue_mask\fP 1i
The bitmask used when writing the blue colour component.
.IP \fImin_brightness\fP 1i
The minimum brightness. The valid range is 0.0 to 1.0
.IP \fImax_brightness\fP 1i
The maximum brightness. The valid range is 0.0 to 1.0
.IP \fIstart_hue\fP 1i
The start hue. The valid range is 0.0 to just under 6.0
.IP \fIstop_hue\fP 1i
The end hue. The valid range is 0.0 to just under 6.0
.IP \fIsaturation\fP 1i
The saturation value. The valid range is 0.0 to 1.0
.SH RETURN VALUE
Nothing.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Safe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
