.TH CONN_REGISTER_CLIENT_PROTOCOL 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
conn_register_client_protocol \- Register client protocol support.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_conn.h>
.sp
.B void conn_register_client_protocol
.sp
( CONST char *protocol_name,
unsigned int version,
unsigned int max_connections,
flag (*validate_func) (),
flag (*open_func) (),
flag (*read_func) (),
void (*close_func) () )
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will register the support of a new Karma protocol
for outgoing (client) connections. This routine may be called at any time.
.IP \fIprotocol_name\fP 1i
The name of the new protocol to support. Note that this is
only for outgoing connections.
.IP \fIversion\fP 1i
The version number for the protocol. When any changes to the
protocol are made, this should be increased.
.IP \fImax_connections\fP 1i
The maximum number of outgoing connections from this
client. If this is 0, an unlimited number of connections is permitted.
.IP \fIvalidate_func\fP 1i
The function which will validate the opening of a new
connection (prior to any attempts to connect to the server). The prototype
function is <-conn_PROTO_client_validate_func->.
.IP \fIopen_func\fP 1i
The routine which is called when a new connection is opened.
The prototype function is <-conn_PROTO_open_func->.
.IP \fIread_func\fP 1i
The function which will be called when data is ready to be read
data from the connection. The prototype function is
<-conn_PROTO_read_func->.
.IP \fIclose_func\fP 1i
The function which will be called prior to closure of a
connection. The prototype function is <-conn_PROTO_close_func->.
.SH RETURN VALUE
Nothing.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
