.TH CONN 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH PACKAGE
conn \- Routines to manipulate connections
.SH PURPOSE
These routines are meant to provide a high level mechanism to create and
accept connections, complete with protocols, callback functions and
security mechanisms.
.SH LIBRARY
karma
.SH LINK WITH
-lkarma
.SH FUNCTIONS
.IP \fIconn_initialise\fP 1i
Initialise the package.
.IP \fIconn_register_server_protocol\fP 1i
Register server protocol support.
.IP \fIconn_register_client_protocol\fP 1i
Register client protocol support.
.IP \fIconn_get_channel\fP 1i
Extract the channel object associated with a connection.
.IP \fIconn_get_datagram_channel\fP 1i
Extract the datagram channel associated with a connection.
.IP \fIconn_attempt_connection\fP 1i
Attempt connection.
.IP \fIconn_close\fP 1i
Close connection.
.IP \fIconn_become_server\fP 1i
Become a Karma server.
.IP \fIconn_get_num_serv_connections\fP 1i
Get number of server connections.
.IP \fIconn_get_num_client_connections\fP 1i
Get number of client connections.
.IP \fIconn_get_serv_connection\fP 1i
Get a numbered server connection.
.IP \fIconn_get_client_connection\fP 1i
Get a numbered client connection.
.IP \fIconn_get_connection_info\fP 1i
Get the arbitrary information for a connection.
.IP \fIconn_controlled_by_cm_tool\fP 1i
Check if controlled by CM tool.
.IP \fIconn_get_connection_module_name\fP 1i
Get the name of the module at the other end of a connection.
.IP \fIconn_get_connection_remote_addr\fP 1i
Get the address of the machine at the other end of a connection.
.IP \fIconn_register_cm_quiescent_func\fP 1i
Register callback for quiescence.
.IP \fIconn_extract_protocols\fP 1i
Get supported protocols.
.IP \fIconn_show_connections\fP 1i
Show all connections.
.IP \fIconn_PROTO_exit_schedule_func\fP 1i
Exit schedule function.
.IP \fIconn_PROTO_client_validate_func\fP 1i
Client connection validate event callback.
.IP \fIconn_PROTO_open_func\fP 1i
Connection open event callback.
.IP \fIconn_PROTO_read_func\fP 1i
Connection read event callback.
.IP \fIconn_PROTO_close_func\fP 1i
Connection close event callback.
.IP \fIconn_PROTO_quiescent_func\fP 1i
Quiescence callback.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
