.TH CONTOUR_CREATE_SEQUENCE_FROM_IARRAY 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
contour_create_sequence_from_iarray \- Create a sequence of contour images from an Intelligent Array.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_contour.h>
.sp
.B KContourImage * contour_create_sequence_from_iarray
.sp
(iarray array,
unsigned int hdim,
unsigned int vdim,
unsigned int fdim,
KContourImageGroup group)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will create a sequence of contour image objects
from a 3-dimensional Intelligent Array. At a later time, this
sequence of contour images may be used to create a sequence of viewable
contour images.
.IP \fIarray\fP 1i
The Intelligent Array. The underlying <<multi_array>> data
structure will have its attachment count incremented upon successful
completion.
.IP \fIhdim\fP 1i
The dimension index of the horizontal dimension.
.IP \fIvdim\fP 1i
The dimension index of the vertical dimension.
.IP \fIfdim\fP 1i
The dimension index of the frame dimension (dimension containing the
sequence). The number of frames is the same as the length of this
dimension.
.IP \fIgroup\fP 1i
The KContourImageGroup to add the new objects too. If NULL, it is
not added to any group.
.SH RETURN VALUE
A pointer to a dynamically allocated array of contour image
objects on success, else NULL.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
