.TH CONTOUR_CREATE_SEQUENCE 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
contour_create_sequence \- Create a sequence of contour images from a 3D slice.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_contour.h>
.sp
.B KContourImage * contour_create_sequence
.sp
(multi_array *multi_desc,
array_desc *arr_desc, char *cube,
unsigned int hdim, unsigned int vdim,
unsigned int fdim,
unsigned int elem_index,
KContourImageGroup group)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will create a sequence of contour image objects
from a 3-dimensional cube of a Karma data structure. At a later time, this
sequence of contour images may be used to create a sequence of viewable
contour images.
.IP \fImulti_desc\fP 1i
The  multi_array  descriptor which contains the Karma data
structure. The routine increments the attachment count on the descriptor
on successful completion. This may be NULL.
.IP \fIarr_desc\fP 1i
The array descriptor.
.IP \fIcube\fP 1i
The start of the cube data.
.IP \fIhdim\fP 1i
The dimension index of the horizontal dimension.
.IP \fIvdim\fP 1i
The dimension index of the vertical dimension.
.IP \fIfdim\fP 1i
The dimension index of the frame dimension (dimension containing the
sequence). The number of frames is the same as the length of this
dimension.
.IP \fIelem_index\fP 1i
The element index in the data packets.
.IP \fIgroup\fP 1i
The KContourImageGroup to add the new objects too. If NULL, it is
not added to any group.
.SH RETURN VALUE
A pointer to a dynamically allocated array of contour image
objects on success, else NULL.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
