.TH CONTOUR_CREATE_VIEWABLE_SEQUENCE 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
contour_create_viewable_sequence \- Create a sequence of viewable contour images.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_contour.h>
.sp
.B KViewableContourImage * contour_create_viewable_sequence
.sp
(KContourImage *cimages, unsigned int num, KWorldCanvas canvas,
KViewableContourImageGroup group)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will create a sequence of viewable contour image
objects from a sequence of contour images. At a later time, these viewable
contour images may be made visible. This routine will not cause the canvas
to be refreshed.
.IP \fIcimage\fP 1i
The contour images.
.IP \fInum\fP 1i
The number of contour images in the sequence.
.IP \fIcanvas\fP 1i
The world canvas onto which the viewable contour images may be
drawn. Many viewable contour images may be associated with a single canvas.
.IP \fIgroup\fP 1i
The KViewableContourImageGroup to add the new objects too. If NULL,
it is not added to any group.
.SH RETURN VALUE
A pointer to a dynamically allocated array of viewable contour
image objects on success, else NULL.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH NOTE
The KViewableContourImage objects will be automatically destroyed if
the canvas is destroyed.
.sp
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
