.TH CONTOUR 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH PACKAGE
contour \- Routines to manipulate contour images
.SH PURPOSE
These routines are meant to provide a high level mechanism to create and
manipulate contour images (2-dimensional slices of Karma data structures).
These contour images utilise the world canvases available in the
<-canvas-> package, hence the resulting code is device independent.
NOTE: THIS PACKAGE IS WORK IN PROGRESS. THE INTERFACE MAY CHANGE IN THE
NEXT RELEASE, POSSIBLY WITHOUT NOTICE.
.SH LIBRARY
karmagraphics
.SH LINK WITH
-lkarmagraphics
.SH FUNCTIONS
.IP \fIcontour_init\fP 1i
Initialise the package for a particular canvas.
.IP \fIcontour_create_group\fP 1i
Create a container to hold a group of KContourImage objects.
.IP \fIcontour_destroy_group\fP 1i
Destroy a group of KContourImage objects.
.IP \fIcontour_create_restr\fP 1i
Create contour image from 2D slice with restrictions.
.IP \fIcontour_create_from_iarray\fP 1i
Create a contour image from an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIcontour_create_sequence\fP 1i
Create a sequence of contour images from a 3D slice.
.IP \fIcontour_create_sequence_from_iarray\fP 1i
Create a sequence of contour images from an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIcontour_destroy\fP 1i
Destroy contour image.
.IP \fIcontour_create_viewable_group\fP 1i
Create container to hold group of KViewableContourImage objects.
.IP \fIcontour_destroy_viewable_group\fP 1i
Destroy a group of KViewableContourImage objects.
.IP \fIcontour_create_viewable\fP 1i
Create viewable contour image.
.IP \fIcontour_create_viewable_sequence\fP 1i
Create a sequence of viewable contour images.
.IP \fIcontour_destroy_viewable\fP 1i
Destroy a viewable contour image.
.IP \fIcontour_set_active\fP 1i
Set active state for a viewable contour image.
.IP \fIcontour_set_all_inactive\fP 1i
Clear active state for all viewable contour images in a group.
.IP \fIcontour_register_data_change\fP 1i
Notify data for contour image has changed.
.IP \fIcontour_set_canvas_attributes\fP 1i
Set the contour image attributes for a world canvas.
.IP \fIcontour_set_levels\fP 1i
Set/update the contour levels for a KContourImage object.
.IP \fIcontour_set_group_levels\fP 1i
Set/update contour levels for a group of KContourImage objects.
.IP \fIcontour_set_level_styles\fP 1i
Set/update contour level styles for KViewableContourImage object.
.IP \fIcontour_set_group_level_styles\fP 1i
Set/update clevel styles for KViewableContourImage objects.
.IP \fIcontour_get_worldcanvas\fP 1i
Get the world canvas for a viewable contour image.
.IP \fIcontour_parse_levels\fP 1i
Parse a textual contour level specification.
.IP \fIcontour_unscale_levels\fP 1i
Unscale contour levels.
.SH TABLE contour_CANVAS_ATTRIBUTES
List of canvas attributes for contourable images

.TS
l l l l
_ _ _ _
l l l l.
Name                           Get Type       Set Type      Meaning

CONTOUR_CANVAS_ATT_END                                      End of varargs list
CONTOUR_CANVAS_ATT_COLOURNAME                 CONST char *  Colour name
.TE
.SH TABLE contour_CONTOUR_ATTRIBUTES
List of attributes for contourable images

.TS
l l l l
_ _ _ _
l l l l.
Name                       Get Type       Set Type Meaning

CONTOUR_CIMAGE_ATT_END                             End of varargs list
CONTOUR_CIMAGE_ATT_ACTIVE  flag *         flag     Active state
.TE
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
