.TH CONTOUR_CREATE_RESTR 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
contour_create_restr \- Create contour image from 2D slice with restrictions.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_contour.h>
.sp
.B KContourImage contour_create_restr
.sp
(multi_array *multi_desc,
array_desc *arr_desc, char *slice,
unsigned int hdim, unsigned int vdim,
unsigned int elem_index,
unsigned int num_restr,
char **restr_names, double *restr_values,
KContourImageGroup group)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will create a contour image object from a
2-dimensional slice of a Karma data structure. At a later time, this
contour image may be used to create a viewable contour image.
.IP \fImulti_desc\fP 1i
The  multi_array  descriptor which contains the Karma data
structure. The routine increments the attachment count on the descriptor
on successful completion. This may be NULL.
.IP \fIarr_desc\fP 1i
The array descriptor.
.IP \fIslice\fP 1i
The start of the slice data.
.IP \fIhdim\fP 1i
The dimension index of the horizontal dimension.
.IP \fIvdim\fP 1i
The dimension index of the vertical dimension.
.IP \fIelem_index\fP 1i
The element index in the data packets.
.IP \fInum_restr\fP 1i
The number of matched restrictions.
.IP \fIrestr_names\fP 1i
The restriction names.
.IP \fIrestr_values\fP 1i
The restriction values.
.IP \fIgroup\fP 1i
The KContourImageGroup to add the new object too. If NULL, it is
not added to any group.
.SH RETURN VALUE
A KContourImage object on success, NULL.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH NOTE
Restriction information is automatically deallocated when
<-contour_destroy-> is called.
.sp
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
