.TH DISPDATA_REGENERATE_NAMELIST 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
dispdata_regenerate_namelist \- Regenerate the list of (sorted) data names for a dataclass.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_dispdata.h>
.sp
.B char ** dispdata_regenerate_namelist
.sp
(KDisplayDataClass dataclass,
KDisplayDataPrivateNameList *namelist_ptr,
unsigned int num_reserved,
unsigned int *num_entries,
KDisplayDataObject **dataobjects,
flag (*filter_func) (void *info,
KDisplayDataObject dataobject),
void *info)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Regenerate the list of (sorted) data names for a dataclass.
.IP \fIdataclass\fP 1i
The KDisplayDataClass object.
.IP \fInamelist_ptr\fP 1i
A pointer to a special buffer. This may be updated.
.IP \fInum_reserved\fP 1i
The number of characters to reserve for each entry. The
reserved characters will be filled with ' ' (space).
.IP \fInum_entries\fP 1i
The number of entries in the list is written here.
.IP \fIdataobjects\fP 1i
The array of dataobjects is written here. This may be NULL.
.IP \fIfilter_func\fP 1i
A function to filter dataobjects. If it returns TRUE, a
dataobject will be included in the list, otherwise it won't. If this is
NULL, all dataobjects are included.
.IP \fIinfo\fP 1i
An arbitrary pointer passed to <<filter_func>>.
.SH RETURN VALUE
The array of string pointers. The string contents may be modified
and will persist until the next call to this function.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
