.TH DM 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH PACKAGE
dm \- Routines to manage events on (file) descriptors
.SH PURPOSE
These routines are meant to provide a generic and simple to use descriptor
management facility (ie. event processing on pipes, connections and
terminals).
NOTE: THIS PACKAGE IS WORK IN PROGRESS. THE INTERFACE MAY CHANGE IN THE
NEXT RELEASE, POSSIBLY WITHOUT NOTICE.
.SH LIBRARY
karma
.SH LINK WITH
-lkarma
.SH FUNCTIONS
.IP \fIdm_register_managers\fP 1i
Register the managers.
.IP \fIdm_manage\fP 1i
Manage a file descriptor for events.
.IP \fIdm_unmanage\fP 1i
Terminate the management of a file descriptor for activity.
.IP \fIdm_native_setup\fP 1i
Setup descriptor management using native implementation.
.IP \fIdm_native_poll\fP 1i
Poll all managed descriptors for any activity.
.IP \fIdm_native_clear_activity_counter\fP 1i
Clear the idle counter.
.IP \fIdm_native_get_activity_count\fP 1i
Get the current activity count.
.IP \fIdm_native_clear_idle_timer\fP 1i
Clear the idle timer.
.IP \fIdm_native_get_idle_time\fP 1i
Get the idle time in microseconds.
.IP \fIdm_native_wait_input\fP 1i
Block waiting for input on a file descriptor.
.IP \fIdm_PROTO_input_func\fP 1i
Input event callback.
.IP \fIdm_PROTO_close_func\fP 1i
Close event callback.
.IP \fIdm_PROTO_output_func\fP 1i
Output event callback.
.IP \fIdm_PROTO_exception_func\fP 1i
Exception event callback.
.IP \fIdm_PROTO_inode_write_func\fP 1i
Inode write event callback.
.SH TABLE dm_EVENTS
List of event types

.TS
l l l l
_ _ _ _
l l l l.
Name                         Function Prototype             Meaning

KARMA_FD_EVENT_END                                          End of varargs list
KARMA_FD_EVENT_INPUT         <-dm_PROTO_input_func->        
KARMA_FD_EVENT_OUTPUT        <-dm_PROTO_output_func->       
KARMA_FD_EVENT_EXCEPTION     <-dm_PROTO_exception_func->    
KARMA_FD_EVENT_CLOSE         <-dm_PROTO_close_func->        
KARMA_FD_EVENT_INODE_WRITE   <-dm_PROTO_inode_write_func->  
.TE
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
