.TH DS_ALLOC_CONTIGUOUS_LIST 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
ds_alloc_contiguous_list \- Allocate a contiguous list of linked list entries.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_ds.h>
.sp
.B flag ds_alloc_contiguous_list
.sp
(CONST packet_desc *list_desc,
list_header *list_head, unsigned int length,
flag clear, flag array_alloc)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will allocate a contiguous block of linked list
entry data  packets. No <<list_entry>> structures are allocated, they are
implied. The routine will recursively allocate memory for sub arrays and
linked lists. The list must be empty.
The <<contiguous_length>> value in the list header will be set to the list
length.
.IP \fIlist_desc\fP 1i
The packet descriptor for the linked list.
.IP \fIlist_head\fP 1i
The list header.
.IP \fIlength\fP 1i
The number of list entries to allocate.
.IP \fIclear\fP 1i
If TRUE, then the routine will initialise (set to zero) all the
data.
.IP \fIarray_alloc\fP 1i
If FALSE, and an array is an atomic array, then instances of
that array will NOT be allocated, and a NULL pointer will be written into
the parent element, else the array will be allocated.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE on success, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH NOTE
On failure, the list header is deallocated.
.sp
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
