.TH DS_COPY_DESC_UNTIL 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
ds_copy_desc_until \- Recursively copy a packet descriptor.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_ds.h>
.sp
.B packet_desc * ds_copy_desc_until
.sp
(CONST packet_desc *inp_desc, CONST char *name)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will recursively copy a packet descriptor until
an element with a specified name is found, at which time the copying
process stops. The routine will trap such errors as multiple occurences of
the element name.
This routine is useful to duplicate a data structure above a certain
element or dimension. This simplifies the processing of data which is
sitting near the bottom of a complex data structure.
If an array or linked list pointer is one of the elements, and it is not
successfully copied, the routine will set the output element type to NONE
and the descriptor pointer for that element will be NULL.
.IP \fIinp_desc\fP 1i
The input packet descriptor.
.IP \fIname\fP 1i
The name of the element at which the copying process should stop.
If this is NULL, then the entire data structure descriptor is copied.
.SH RETURN VALUE
A pointer to the new packet descriptor on success, else NULL.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
