.TH DS_CMAP_ALLOC_COLOURMAP 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
ds_cmap_alloc_colourmap \- Allocate a Karma data structure to hold a colourmap.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_ds.h>
.sp
.B unsigned short * ds_cmap_alloc_colourmap
.sp
(unsigned int size,
multi_array **multi_desc,
packet_desc **pack_desc,char **packet)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will allocate a colourmap which comforms to the
Karma general data structure format. Note that this does NOT allocate a
colourmap on an X Windows server. This routine is intended to enable an
application to write colourmap data to a file, maintaining a flexible
format.
The general data structure that is created will contain a 1 dimensional
array with dimension name "Colour Number" and length equal to  size  .
The array will contain packets with 3 elements, each of type  K_USHORT  and
with the names "Red Intensity", "Green Intensity" and "Blue Intensity", in
that order. For compatibility with the X Window system, it is recommended
that these values lie in the range 0 to 65535.
.IP \fIsize\fP 1i
The size (number of colours) of the colourmap to allocate.
.IP \fImulti_desc\fP 1i
The pointer to the multi array header which is allocated will
be written here. If this is NULL, then no multi array header is allocated
and nothing is written here.
.IP \fIpack_desc\fP 1i
The pointer to the top level packet descriptor of the general
data structure which contains the colourmap will be written here. If this
is NULL, nothing is written here. Note, however, that the top level packet
descriptor is nevertheless allocated.
.IP \fIpacket\fP 1i
The pointer to the top level packet of the general data structure
which contains the colourmap will be written here. If this is NULL, nothing
is written here. Note, however, that the top level packet is nevertheless
allocated.
.SH RETURN VALUE
A pointer to the allocated colourmap on success, else NULL.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
