.TH DS_COPY_DATA 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
ds_copy_data \- Copy data between Karma data structures.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_ds.h>
.sp
.B flag ds_copy_data
.sp
(CONST packet_desc *inp_desc, CONST char *inp_data,
packet_desc *out_desc, char *out_data)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will copy data from one data structure to another,
provided the two data structures have the same format. If there are any
variations in the two formats, the copying process is stopped at that level
If one or more elements are different, they are not copied, however, the
other elements are copied. This also applies to array and linked list
pointer elements. This condition only holds for packets with the same
number of elements, otherwise no elements are copied. The ordering of
elements must also be the same.
The names of elements and dimensions must be the same, as well as the
data types. For information on array and linked list copying, see
The routine recursively copies data in arrays and linked lists.
<-ds_copy_array-> and <-ds_copy_list->.
.IP \fIinp_desc\fP 1i
The input data structure descriptor.
.IP \fIinp_data\fP 1i
The input data.
.IP \fIout_desc\fP 1i
The output data structure descriptor.
.IP \fIout_data\fP 1i
The output data memory allocation.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE if the two packet descriptors are identical, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
