.TH DS_CONVERT_COORDINATES 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
ds_convert_coordinates \- Convert co-ordinate values for a dimension.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_ds.h>
.sp
.B void ds_convert_coordinates
.sp
(CONST dim_desc *dim, unsigned int num_coords,
double *coords, flag to_indices, flag blank,
flag add_half)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This function will convert between co-ordinates indices (index
positions along a dimension) and co-ordinate values. The co-ordinate values
may be regularly or irregularly spaced, either case is catered for. Note
that for co-ordinate systems which have a dependency between different axes
(such as RA-DEC co-ordinates used in astronomy), the co-ordinate values
this function manipulates are <<linear>> co-ordinates. The <-wcs-> package
provides for conversion between linear and non-linear co-ordinates (proper
world co-ordinates).
.IP \fIdim\fP 1i
The dimension descriptor.
.IP \fInum_coords\fP 1i
The number of co-ordinate values to convert.
.IP \fIcoords\fP 1i
The array of co-ordinate values to convert.
.IP \fIto_indices\fP 1i
If TRUE, the co-ordinate values are converted to index
positions along the dimension, else they are converted to co-ordinate
values.
.IP \fIblank\fP 1i
If TRUE, all out-of-bounds values are set to TOOBIG, else
out-of-bounds values may or may not be set to TOOBIG. If you know all your
values are within bounds, setting this to FALSE may save time.
.IP \fIadd_half\fP 1i
If TRUE and <<to_indices>> is TRUE, the value 0.5 will be added
to all in-bounds values as they are written.
.SH RETURN VALUE
Nothing.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
