.TH DS_CMAP_FIND_COLOURMAP 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
ds_cmap_find_colourmap \- Search a Karma data structure for an instance of a colourmap.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_ds.h>
.sp
.B unsigned short * ds_cmap_find_colourmap
.sp
(packet_desc *top_pack_desc,
char *top_packet, unsigned int *size,
flag *reordering_done,
CONST char *restr_names[],
double *restr_values,
unsigned int num_restr)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Search a Karma data structure for an instance of a colourmap.
.IP \fItop_pack_desc\fP 1i
The top level packet descriptor.
.IP \fItop_packet\fP 1i
The top level packet data.
.IP \fIsize\fP 1i
The size of the colourmap (number of colours) in the colourmap will
be here.
.IP \fIreordering_done\fP 1i
The routine is tolerant of incorrect ordering of the
intensity elements. If they are ordered incorrectly, the data will be
re-ordered, and the value TRUE will be written here. If the data is not
re-ordered, the value FALSE is written here. If this is NULL, then nothing
is written here.
.IP \fIrestr_names\fP 1i
The array of pointers to restrictions names.
.IP \fIrestr_values\fP 1i
The array of restriction values.
.IP \fInum_restr\fP 1i
The number of restriction values.
.SH RETURN VALUE
A pointer to a colourmap on success, else NULL. The returned
colourmap will contain <<*size>> contiguous packets which each contain
first a red intensity, then a green and then a blue.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH NOTE
NULL pointers may be passed for <<restr_names>> and <<restr_values>>
and <<num_restr>> set to zero. In this case, the routine will only return a
colourmap if there is only one instance of a colourmap in the entire data
structure.
.sp
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
