.TH DS_COPY_UNIQUE_NAMED_ELEMENT 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
ds_copy_unique_named_element \- Copy a unique named element from one packet to another.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_ds.h>
.sp
.B flag ds_copy_unique_named_element
.sp
(packet_desc *out_desc, char **out_packet,
CONST packet_desc *in_desc,
CONST char *in_packet, CONST char *name,
flag fail_if_not_found,
flag fail_on_duplicate, flag replace)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Copy a unique named element from one packet to another.
.IP \fIout_desc\fP 1i
The packet descriptor to add the name to. This descriptor will
be modified.
.IP \fIout_packet\fP 1i
The pointer to the unique packet. Note that the existing
packet data is copied to a new packet, and a pointer to this packet is
written back here.
.IP \fIin_desc\fP 1i
The input packet descriptor.
.IP \fIin_packet\fP 1i
The input packet.
.IP \fIname\fP 1i
The name of the element to copy.
.IP \fIfail_if_not_found\fP 1i
If TRUE, the routine will fail if the element does not
exist in the input packet.
.IP \fIfail_on_duplicate\fP 1i
If TRUE, the routine will fail if the element already
exists in the output packet.
.IP \fIreplace\fP 1i
If TRUE and the element already exists in the output packet, it
is replaced.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE on success, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
