.TH DS_DRAW_POLYGON 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
ds_draw_polygon \- Draw a polygon into a 2 dimensional array.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_ds.h>
.sp
.B flag ds_draw_polygon
.sp
(char *array, unsigned int elem_type,
dim_desc *abs_dim_desc, unsigned int abs_stride,
dim_desc *ord_dim_desc, unsigned int ord_stride,
edit_coord *coords, unsigned int num_points,
double value[2])
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will draw a concave non-simple polygon into a 2
dimensional Karma array. The polygon can be clockwise or anti-clockwise.
Inside-outside test done by Jordan's rule: a point is considered inside if
an emanating ray intersects the polygon an odd number of times.
The algorithm is modified from the  Concave Polygon Scan Conversion
by Paul Heckbert from "Graphics Gems", Academic Press, 1990.
.IP \fIarray\fP 1i
The start of the array (plane) data.
.IP \fIelem_type\fP 1i
The type of the element to draw.
.IP \fIabs_dim_desc\fP 1i
The abscissa dimension descriptor.
.IP \fIabs_stride\fP 1i
The stride of abscissa co-ordinates in memory (in bytes).
.IP \fIord_dim_desc\fP 1i
The ordinate dimension descriptor.
.IP \fIord_stride\fP 1i
The stride of ordinate co-ordinates in memory (in bytes).
.IP \fIcoords\fP 1i
The co-ordinate array for the vertices. The co-ordinates must be
stored in clockwise rotation order (any point to start).
.IP \fInum_points\fP 1i
The number of vertices.
.IP \fIvalue\fP 1i
The value to write the polygon into the array.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE on success, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
