.TH DS_DRAW_ELLIPSE 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
ds_draw_ellipse \- Draw an ellipse into a 2 dimensional Karma array.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_ds.h>
.sp
.B flag ds_draw_ellipse
.sp
(char *array, unsigned int elem_type,
dim_desc *abs_dim_desc, unsigned int abs_stride,
dim_desc *ord_dim_desc, unsigned int ord_stride,
double centre_abs, double centre_ord,
double radius_abs, double radius_ord,
double value[2])
.SH DESCRIPTION
Draw an ellipse into a 2 dimensional Karma array.
.IP \fIarray\fP 1i
The start of the array (plane) data.
.IP \fIelem_type\fP 1i
The type of the element to draw.
.IP \fIabs_dim_desc\fP 1i
The abscissa dimension descriptor.
.IP \fIabs_stride\fP 1i
The stride of abscissa co-ordinates in memory (in bytes).
.IP \fIord_dim_desc\fP 1i
The ordinate dimension descriptor.
.IP \fIord_stride\fP 1i
The stride of ordinate co-ordinates in memory (in bytes).
.IP \fIcentre_abs\fP 1i
The centre of the ellipse in abscissa real-world co-ordinates.
.IP \fIcentre_ord\fP 1i
The centre of the ellipse in ordinate real-world co-ordinates.
.IP \fIradius_abs\fP 1i
The abscissa radius. This must be greater than 0.0.
.IP \fIradius_ord\fP 1i
The ordinate radius. This must be greater than 0.0.
.IP \fIvalue\fP 1i
The value to write the ellipse into the array.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE on success, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
