.TH DS_EASY_ALLOC_N_ELEMENT_ARRAY 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
ds_easy_alloc_n_element_array \- Allocate a data structure with a simple, multi element array.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_ds.h>
.sp
.B char * ds_easy_alloc_n_element_array
.sp
(multi_array **multi_desc,
unsigned int num_dim,
CONST uaddr *lengths,
CONST double *first_arr,
CONST double *last_arr,
CONST char **names,
unsigned int num_elements,
CONST unsigned int *data_types,
CONST char **data_names)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will allocate memory for a multi-dimensional,
regular array, and the required headers and the multi-array header. The
array is NOT tiled nor are any address offsets computed. The data packet
that may be stored in the array contains many atomic data.
.IP \fImulti_desc\fP 1i
The multi-array structure pointer to the created structure is
written here.
.IP \fInum_dim\fP 1i
The number of dimensions of the array.
.IP \fIlengths\fP 1i
The array of dimension lengths.
.IP \fIfirst_arr\fP 1i
An array of first co-ordinate values for each dimension.
.IP \fIlast_arr\fP 1i
An array of last co-ordinate values for each dimension.
.IP \fInames\fP 1i
The array of dimension names. If this is NULL, the names "Axis 0",
"Axis 1", ...etc will be used. The character arrays are copied, so the
arrays of characters and the array of pointers may be subsequently
deallocated.
.IP \fInum_elements\fP 1i
The number of elements in the array packets.
.IP \fIdata_types\fP 1i
The types of the elements in the array. See
<-ds_KARMA_DATA_TYPES-> for a list of legal values.
.IP \fIdata_names\fP 1i
The names of the data type. The name strings are copied, thus
the memory used for the input string may be subsequently deallocated.
.SH RETURN VALUE
A pointer to the start of the array on success, else NULL.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH NOTES
This routine does NOT create a Karma arrayfile. This must be done
with a call to <-dsxfr_put_multi->.
.sp
If either of <<first_arr>> or <<last_arr>> is NULL, the range of the
co-ordinates will be the lengths of the dimensions minus 1. If one of the
pointers is NULL, the other array is used to tie one end of the range for
each dimension. If both pointers are NULL,the minima are 0.0 and the maxima
are the lengths minus 1.
.sp
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
