.TH DS_EASY_ALLOC_ARRAY_DESC 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
ds_easy_alloc_array_desc \- Allocate a simple array descriptor.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_ds.h>
.sp
.B array_desc * ds_easy_alloc_array_desc
.sp
(unsigned int num_dim,
CONST uaddr *lengths,
CONST double *first_arr,
CONST double *last_arr,
CONST double **coordinates,
CONST char **names,
unsigned int num_elements,
CONST unsigned int *data_types,
CONST char **data_names)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will allocate an array descriptor and its
associated packet descriptor.
.IP \fInum_dim\fP 1i
The number of dimensions in the array.
.IP \fIlengths\fP 1i
An array of lengths for each dimension (axis).
.IP \fIfirst_arr\fP 1i
An array of first co-ordinate values for each dimension.
.IP \fIlast_arr\fP 1i
An array of last co-ordinate values for each dimension.
If either of these pointers is NULL, the range of the co-ordinates will be
the lengths of the dimensions minus 1. If one of the pointers is NULL, the
other array is used to tie one end of the range for each dimension. If both
pointers are NULL,the minima are 0.0 and the maxima are the lengths minus 1
.IP \fIcoordinates\fP 1i
The array of co-ordinate array pointers. If this is NULL,
all dimensions are assumed to be regularly spaced. If any co-ordinate array
pointer is NULL, the corresponding dimension is assumed to be regularly
spaced.
.IP \fInames\fP 1i
An array of string pointers to the names of each dimension. If this
is NULL, the names "Axis 0", "Axis 1", ...etc will be used. Note: the
character arrays are copied, so the arrays of characters and the array of
pointers may be subsequently deallocated.
.IP \fInum_elements\fP 1i
The number of atomic elements in the array packet. If this
is 0, no packet descriptor is allocated.
.IP \fIdata_types\fP 1i
The types of the elements in the array. See
<-ds_KARMA_DATA_TYPES-> for a list of legal values. This may be NULL if
<<num_elements>> is 0.
.IP \fIdata_names\fP 1i
The array of element names. The name strings are copied, thus
the memory used for the input strings may be subsequently deallocated. This
may be NULL if <<num_elements>> is 0.
.SH RETURN VALUE
An array descriptor pointer on success, else NULL.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
