.TH DS_FIND_CENTROID 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
ds_find_centroid \- Find the centroid inside an ellipse.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_ds.h>
.sp
.B flag ds_find_centroid
.sp
(CONST char *image, unsigned int type,
double *background, flag *inverted,
uaddr xlen, CONST uaddr *xoffsets,
double *xpos, uaddr xradius,
uaddr ylen, CONST uaddr *yoffsets,
double *ypos, uaddr yradius)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will search for the centroid of an object inside a
specified ellipse. The background (median) value is computed for an annulus
outside the ellipse. The annulus is 10% larger than the ellipse.
.IP \fIimage\fP 1i
The image data.
.IP \fItype\fP 1i
The type of the image data.
.IP \fIbackground\fP 1i
The background value is written here. This may be NULL.
.IP \fIinverted\fP 1i
The value TRUE will be written here if the image values are
inverted (i.e. the object of interested is in a local minimum rather than a
maximum).
.IP \fIxlen\fP 1i
The horizontal image width.
.IP \fIxoffsets\fP 1i
The array of horizontal byte offsets
.IP \fIxpos\fP 1i
The horizontal data pixel position. The original value must be a
reasonable approximation. This is modified to the centroid position.
.IP \fIxradius\fP 1i
The horizontal radius of the ellipse.
.IP \fIylen\fP 1i
The vertical image width.
.IP \fIyoffsets\fP 1i
The array of vertical byte offsets
.IP \fIypos\fP 1i
The vertical data pixel position. The original value must be a
reasonable approximation. This is modified to the centroid position.
.IP \fIyradius\fP 1i
The vertical radius of the ellipse.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE on succes, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH NOTE
(0.0, 0.0) corresponds to the centre of the first pixel.
.sp
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
