.TH DS_FOREACH_OCCURRENCE 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
ds_foreach_occurrence \- Recursively traverse a data structure, searching for an item.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_ds.h>
.sp
.B flag ds_foreach_occurrence
.sp
( packet_desc *pack_desc, char *packet,
CONST char *item, flag as_whole,
flag (*func) () )
.SH DESCRIPTION
Recursively traverse a data structure, searching for an item.
.IP \fIpack_desc\fP 1i
The packet descriptor of the structure.
.IP \fIpacket\fP 1i
The packet for the structure.
.IP \fIitem\fP 1i
The name of the item to search for.
.IP \fIas_whole\fP 1i
If FALSE:
If the item pointed to is the name of a dimension, then <<function>>
will be called for each occurrence of that dimension (ie. the other
dimensions will be iterated through).
If the item pointed to is the name of an element, then <<function>>
will be called for each occurrence of the element in the array or
linked list which it is in.
If TRUE:
If the item pointed to is the name of a dimension or an element within
a packet within an array, <<function>> is called once for each
occurrence of the entire array.
If the item pointed to is the name of an element in a linked list, then
<<function>> will be called once for each occurrence of the linked list
.IP \fIfunc\fP 1i
The function to call for each occurrence. The prototype function is
<-ds_PROTO_foreach_func->. If this returns FALSE, iterations are stopped.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE if all iterations completed successfully, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
