.TH DS_FITGAUSS_LIST 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
ds_fitgauss_list \- Fit a gaussian to a list of points.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_ds.h>
.sp
.B flag ds_fitgauss_list
.sp
(CONST double *x, CONST double *y,
unsigned int num_points, double background,
flag inverted,
double xcentre, double *peak_height, double *fwhm,
double *sum)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will fit a gaussian to a 1-dimensional profile. The
algorithm uses a non-linear least squares method.
.IP \fIx\fP 1i
The array of position (distance) values.
.IP \fIy\fP 1i
The array of values. These may be modified.
.IP \fInum_points\fP 1i
The number of points.
.IP \fIbackground\fP 1i
The background sky level.
.IP \fIinverted\fP 1i
If TRUE the object values are inverted (i.e. is negative) else
the object is positive.
.IP \fIxcentre\fP 1i
The centre of the profile. If this is 0 it is assumed the profile
is radial (i.e. the centre is at 0).
.IP \fIpeak_height\fP 1i
The height of the fitted peak above the background is written
here.
.IP \fIfwhm\fP 1i
The Full Width Half Maximum of the fit is written here.
.IP \fIsum\fP 1i
The sum of the fitted profile above the background is written here.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE on success, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
