.TH DS_FIND_SINGLE_HISTOGRAM 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
ds_find_single_histogram \- Find the histogram of a 1D array.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_ds.h>
.sp
.B flag ds_find_single_histogram
.sp
(CONST char *data, unsigned int elem_type,
unsigned int conv_type, unsigned int num_values,
CONST uaddr *offsets, unsigned int stride,
double min, double max, unsigned long num_bins,
unsigned long *histogram_array,
unsigned long *histogram_peak,
unsigned long *histogram_mode)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will find the histogram of a single trace (element
versus a dimension). This routine may be called repeatedly with multiple
traces in order to build an aggregate histogram of all traces.
.IP \fIdata\fP 1i
A pointer to the data. Misaligned data will cause bus errors on some
platforms.
.IP \fIelem_type\fP 1i
The type of the element.
.IP \fIconv_type\fP 1i
The type of conversion to use for complex numbers.
Legal value for this include:
CONV_CtoR_REAL        CONV_CtoR_IMAG
CONV_CtoR_ABS         CONV_CtoR_SQUARE_ABS
CONV_CtoR_PHASE       CONV_CtoR_CONT_PHASE
.IP \fInum_values\fP 1i
The length of the dimension.
.IP \fIoffsets\fP 1i
The address offsets for data along the dimension.
.IP \fIstride\fP 1i
If the value of  offsets  is NULL, this gives the stride (in
bytes) between consecutive values along the dimension.
.IP \fImin\fP 1i
Data values below this will be ignored.
.IP \fImax\fP 1i
Data values above this will be ignored.
.IP \fInum_bins\fP 1i
The number of histogram bins.
.IP \fIhistogram_array\fP 1i
The histogram array. The values in this array are updated
and hence must be initialised externally.
.IP \fIhistogram_peak\fP 1i
The peak of the histogram is written here. This value is
updated, and hence must be externally initialised to 0.
.IP \fIhistogram_mode\fP 1i
The mode of the histogram (index value of the peak) will
be written here. This value is updated, and hence must be externally
initialised to 0.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE on success, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Safe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
