.TH DS_FIND_2D_STATS 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
ds_find_2D_stats \- Compute simple statistics for a 2D array.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_ds.h>
.sp
.B flag ds_find_2D_stats
.sp
(CONST char *data,
unsigned int length1, uaddr *offsets1,
unsigned int length2, uaddr *offsets2,
unsigned int elem_type, unsigned int conv_type,
double *min, double *max, double *mean,
double *stddev, double *sum, double *sumsq,
unsigned long *npoints)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will find the minimum, maximum, mean, rms and sum of
a single plane (element versus two dimensions).
.IP \fIdata\fP 1i
A pointer to the data.
.IP \fIlength1\fP 1i
The number of values to process along one of the dimensions. For
efficiency this should be the more significant dimension.
.IP \fIoffsets1\fP 1i
The address offsets for data along the corresponding dimension.
.IP \fIlength2\fP 1i
The number of values to process along the other of the dimensions
.IP \fIoffsets2\fP 1i
The address offsets for data along the corresponding dimension.
.IP \fIelem_type\fP 1i
The type of the element.
.IP \fIconv_type\fP 1i
The type of conversion to use for complex numbers.
.IP \fImin\fP 1i
The minimum value will be written here.
.IP \fImax\fP 1i
The maximum value will be written here.
.IP \fImean\fP 1i
The mean value will be written here.
.IP \fIstddev\fP 1i
The standard deviation will be written here.
.IP \fIsum\fP 1i
The total of all values will be written here.
.IP \fIsumsq\fP 1i
The total of the squares of all values will be written here.
.IP \fInpoints\fP 1i
The number of values used to compute statistics will be written
here. This will differ from num_values if there are blanked pixels.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE on success, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Safe.
.SH NOTE
The minimum and maximum value must be initialised to a very large
positive number and a very large negative number, respectively, outside of
the routine. In other words, the routine does not initialise these values
prior to testing for the minimum and maximum.
.sp
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
