.TH DS_GET_DATA_RANGE 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
ds_get_data_range \- Get the data range for a data element in a packet.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_ds.h>
.sp
.B flag ds_get_data_range
.sp
(CONST char *elem_name, CONST packet_desc *pack_desc,
CONST char *packet, double *minimum, double *maximum)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will determine the range of scaled data in a packet.
Range information should be attached to the array.
No low-level routine currently exists to do this.
.IP \fIelem_name\fP 1i
The name of the element.
.IP \fIpack_desc\fP 1i
The packet descriptor.
.IP \fIpacket\fP 1i
The packet.
.IP \fIminimum\fP 1i
The minimum value will be written here. The name of the minimum
value is constructed by appending "__MINIMUM" to the element name. If no
minimum value is found, -TOOBIG is written here. As a fallback, if the
FITS-style "DATAMIN" keyword is found and is appropriate, this is used.
.IP \fImaximum\fP 1i
The minimum value will be written here. The name of the minimum
value is constructed by appending "__MINIMUM" to the element name. If no
minimum value is found, TOOBIG is written here. As a fallback, if the
FITS-style "DATAMAX" keyword is found and is appropriate, this is used.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE if either the min. or max. value were found, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
