.TH DS_GAUSSCURVE 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
ds_gausscurve \- Write gaussian curve to an array.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_ds.h>
.sp
.B void ds_gausscurve
.sp
(double *array, CONST uaddr *offsets,
unsigned int num_points, double xcentre,
double peak_height, double fwhm,
double background, flag inverted)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will a gaussian curve to a 1-dimensional array. This
array may be used for plotting over real data to which a gaussian has been
fitted with <-ds_fitgauss->.
.IP \fIarray\fP 1i
The 1-dimensional array of data.
.IP \fIoffsets\fP 1i
The array of byte offsets for the array data. If this is NULL,
the array is assumed to be contiguous.
.IP \fInum_points\fP 1i
The length of the array.
.IP \fIxcentre\fP 1i
The centre of the profile. If this is 0 it is assumed the profile
is radial (i.e. the centre is at 0).
.IP \fIpeak_height\fP 1i
The height of the fitted peak (without background
subtraction).
.IP \fIfwhm\fP 1i
The Full Width Half Maximum of the fit.
.IP \fIbackground\fP 1i
The background level.
.IP \fIinverted\fP 1i
If TRUE the object values are inverted (i.e. is negative) else
the object is positive.
.SH RETURN VALUE
Nothing.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
