.TH DS_GET_SCATTERED_ELEMENTS 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
ds_get_scattered_elements \- Convert scattered atomic data to double precision complex values.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_ds.h>
.sp
.B flag ds_get_scattered_elements
.sp
(CONST char *data, unsigned int data_type,
CONST uaddr *offsets, double *values,
flag *complex, unsigned int num_values)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will convert many atomic data to an array of double
precision complex values. The data values may be scattered randomly (an
offset array is used to index to the actual data).
.IP \fIdata\fP 1i
The data to be converted. Misaligned data will cause bus errors on
some platforms.
.IP \fIdata_type\fP 1i
The type of the data.
.IP \fIoffsets\fP 1i
The offset array (in bytes).
.IP \fIvalues\fP 1i
The data values will be written here. Must be a  double  boundary.
.IP \fIcomplex\fP 1i
If the data are a complex type, then the value of TRUE is
written here, else the value FALSE is written here. If this is NULL,
nothing is written here.
.IP \fInum_values\fP 1i
The number of data values to convert.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE if the data was successfully converted, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Safe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
