.TH DS_GET_HANDLE_IN_PACKET 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
ds_get_handle_in_packet \- Find sub-structure in a general data structure.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_ds.h>
.sp
.B unsigned int ds_get_handle_in_packet
.sp
(packet_desc *pack_desc, char *packet,
CONST char *item_name,
CONST char *restr_names[],
double *restr_values,
unsigned int num_restr,
char **parent_desc, char **parent,
unsigned int *parent_type,
unsigned int *index)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will find a unique occurrence of an object
(sub-structure) within a specified general data structure.
.IP \fIpack_desc\fP 1i
The general data structure packet descriptor.
.IP \fIpacket\fP 1i
The general data structure packet.
.IP \fIitem_name\fP 1i
The name of the object that the handle is desired for.
.IP \fIrestr_names\fP 1i
The array of pointers to restrictions names.
.IP \fIrestr_values\fP 1i
The array of restriction values.
.IP \fInum_restr\fP 1i
The number of restriction values.
.IP \fIparent_desc\fP 1i
A pointer to the item's parent descriptor is written here.
.IP \fIparent\fP 1i
A pointer to the item's parent is written here.
.IP \fIparent_type\fP 1i
The type of the parent is written here. See
<-ds_HANDLE_TYPES-> for a list of possible values.
.IP \fIindex\fP 1i
The index number of the item in its parent descriptor is written
here.
.SH RETURN VALUE
A code based on the type of the sub-structure found. See
<-ds_IDENT_TABLE-> for a list of possible values.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH NOTE
The following rules apply to items:
If the item is an atomic element, the parent is a packet.
If the item is a dimension, the parent is an array.
If the item is an atomic element in a linked list, the parent is a
list header.
.sp
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
