.TH DS_PROTO_FOREACH_FUNC 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH PROTO_FUNC
ds_PROTO_foreach_func \- Process an occurrence of an item in a data structure.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_ds.h>
.sp
.B flag ds_PROTO_foreach_func
.sp
(char *encls_desc, unsigned int type, char *data,
unsigned int index)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Process an occurrence of an item in a data structure.
.IP \fIencls_desc\fP 1i
The enclosing descriptor.
.IP \fItype\fP 1i
The type of the enclosing descriptor. See <-ds_PARENT_TYPES-> for a
list of possible values.
.IP \fIdata\fP 1i
A pointer to the item data. This is:
A pointer to the first element (for a packet descriptor)
A pointer to a portion of the array (for an array or dimension
descriptor)
A pointer to the linked list header (for a linked list descriptor)
.IP \fIindex\fP 1i
The index number of the item in the enclosing descriptor, for the
cases where the enclosing descriptor is a packet, array or linked list
descriptor. For the case where the enclosing descriptor is a dimension
descriptor, this  carries the stride (in bytes) between consecutive
co-ordinates in the dimension.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE on success, else FALSE
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
