.TH DS_PUT_UNIQUE_NAMED_VALUE 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
ds_put_unique_named_value \- Add a unique named value to a Karma general data structure.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_ds.h>
.sp
.B flag ds_put_unique_named_value
.sp
(packet_desc *pack_desc, char **packet,
CONST char *name, unsigned int type,
double value[2], flag update)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Add a unique named value to a Karma general data structure.
.IP \fIpack_desc\fP 1i
The packet descriptor to add the name to. This descriptor will
be modified.
.IP \fIpacket\fP 1i
The pointer to the unique packet. Note that the existing packet
data is copied to a new packet, and a pointer to this packet is written
back here.
.IP \fIname\fP 1i
The name of the element.
.IP \fItype\fP 1i
The type of the data which is to be written.
.IP \fIvalue\fP 1i
The value of the data.
.IP \fIupdate\fP 1i
If TRUE, then the routine will allow an existing named value to be
updated, otherwise the routine will fail if an update (rather than a
create) is attempted. The <<type>> parameter is ignored for  updates (i.e.
you can't change the type).
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE on success, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
