.TH DS_SELECT_ARRAYS 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
ds_select_arrays \- Select data structures in a multi_array descriptor.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_ds.h>
.sp
.B multi_array * ds_select_arrays
.sp
(char **array_list, unsigned int num_in_list,
CONST multi_array *multi_desc, flag save_unproc,
unsigned int **index_list)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will create a multi array descriptor which contains
a selected number of array names.
.IP \fIarray_list\fP 1i
The array of array names that are to be copied.
.IP \fInum_in_list\fP 1i
The number of array names in <<array_list>>. If this is 0,
all array names are copied.
.IP \fImulti_desc\fP 1i
The input data structure.
.IP \fIsave_unproc\fP 1i
If TRUE, all array names are copied.
.IP \fIindex_list\fP 1i
An array of unsigned ints will be allocated by the routine and
the pointer written here. The length of this array is equal to the number
of arrays in the input multi_array descriptor. This array contains the
index of the array name in the input multi array descriptor for each array
name in the output multi_array descriptor. If there is no name match for an
array, the index value is equal to the number of arrays in the input
multi_array descriptor.
.SH RETURN VALUE
A pointer to the created multi array descriptor on success,
else NULL.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
