.TH DSPROC_MULTI_ARRAY 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
dsproc_multi_array \- Process a Karma data structure.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_dsproc.h>
.sp
.B void dsproc_multi_array
.sp
(CONST multi_array *multi_desc,
char *array_names[], unsigned int num_arrays,
flag save_unproc_data, flag (*pre_process) (),
flag (*process_array) (), flag (*post_process) () )
.SH DESCRIPTION
Process a Karma data structure.
.IP \fImulti_desc\fP 1i
The multi_array descriptor to process.
.IP \fIarray_names\fP 1i
The array names (general data structures) which are to be
processed.
.IP \fInum_arrays\fP 1i
The number of array names supplied. If this is 0, all array
names are processed.
.IP \fIsave_unproc_data\fP 1i
If TRUE, then arrays with names which do not match are
copied, rather than ignored.
.IP \fIpre_process\fP 1i
The function which will process the input file prior to any
general data structures being processed. The prototype function is
<-dsproc_PROTO_pre_process->. If this returns FALSE further processing is
aborted.
.IP \fIprocess_array\fP 1i
The function which is called to process each general data
structure. The prototype function is <-dsproc_PROTO_process_array->.
.IP \fIpost_process\fP 1i
The function which is called to process the multi_array
descriptors prior to the output being saved/transmitted. The prototype
function is <-dsproc_PROTO_post_process->. This routine will usually add
history information and copy over history information from the input array.
.SH RETURN VALUE
Nothing.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
