.TH DSPROC_OBJECT 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
dsproc_object \- Process a Karma file.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_dsproc.h>
.sp
.B void dsproc_object
.sp
(CONST char *object, char *array_names[],
unsigned int num_arrays,
flag save_unproc_data, flag (*pre_process) (),
flag (*process_array) (), flag (*post_process) (),
unsigned int mmap_option)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Process a Karma file.
.IP \fIobject\fP 1i
The name of the Karma file to process. This is passed directly to
<-dsxfr_get_multi->. If this name is "connection" or is of the form:
"connection[#]" then the routine will attempt to find data sent from a
network connection using the "multi_array" protocol and will also send the
resultant information down any network connections.
.IP \fIarray_names\fP 1i
The array names (general data structures) which are to be
processed.
.IP \fInum_arrays\fP 1i
The number of array names supplied. If this is 0, all array
names are processed.
.IP \fIsave_unproc_data\fP 1i
If TRUE, then arrays with names which do not match are
copied, rather than ignored.
.IP \fIpre_process\fP 1i
The function which will process the input file prior to any
general data structures being processed. The prototype function is
<-dsproc_PROTO_pre_process->. If this returns FALSE further processing is
aborted.
.IP \fIprocess_array\fP 1i
The function which is called to process each general data
structure. The prototype function is <-dsproc_PROTO_process_array->.
.IP \fIpost_process\fP 1i
The function which is called to process the multi_array
descriptors prior to the output being saved/transmitted. The prototype
function is <-dsproc_PROTO_post_process->. This routine will usually add
history information and copy over history information from the input array.
.IP \fImmap_option\fP 1i
This is passed directly to the <-dsxfr_get_multi-> routine.
If the input data structure is likely to be modified, this value must be
K_CH_MAP_NEVER, otherwise the data may be read-only memory mapped and
writing to it will cause a segmentation fault.
In addition, the <<cache>> parameter for <-dsxfr_get_multi-> is set to
TRUE.
.SH RETURN VALUE
Nothing.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
