.TH DSRA 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH PACKAGE
dsra \- Routines to read an ASCII data structure from an open channel
.SH PURPOSE
These routines are meant to provide a mechanism to read the recursive,
heirarchical data structure supported in Karma from open channels, in
ASCII format.
The use of these routines is NOT recommended. The <-dsxfr-> routines are
the preferred means of transferring data structures.
.SH LIBRARY
karma
.SH LINK WITH
-lkarma
.SH FUNCTIONS
.IP \fIdsra_multi_desc\fP 1i
Read ASCII representation of a multi_array data structure.
.IP \fIdsra_packet_desc\fP 1i
Read ASCII representation of a packet descriptor.
.IP \fIdsra_element_desc\fP 1i
Read ASCII representation of an element descriptor.
.IP \fIdsra_array_desc\fP 1i
Read ASCII representation of an array descriptor.
.IP \fIdsra_dim_desc\fP 1i
Read ASCII representation of a dimension descriptor.
.IP \fIdsra_multi_data\fP 1i
READ ASCII representation of data in a multi_array descriptor.
.IP \fIdsra_packet\fP 1i
Read ASCII representation of a data packet.
.IP \fIdsra_element\fP 1i
Read ASCII representation of an element.
.IP \fIdsra_array\fP 1i
Read ASCII representation of an array of data packets.
.IP \fIdsra_list\fP 1i
Read ASCII represention of a linked list.
.IP \fIdsra_flag\fP 1i
Read ASCII representation of a boolean value.
.IP \fIdsra_type\fP 1i
Read ASCII representation of a data type.
.IP \fIdsra_uint\fP 1i
Read the ASCII representation of an unsigned integer.
.IP \fIdsra_int\fP 1i
Read the ASCII representation of a signed integer.
.IP \fIdsra_float\fP 1i
Read the ASCII representation of a floating point value.
.IP \fIdsra_double\fP 1i
Read ASCII representation of a double floating point value.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
