.TH DSRW 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH PACKAGE
dsrw \- Routines to read and write a data structure from/to channels
.SH PURPOSE
These routines are meant to provide a mechanism to read and write the
recursive, heirarchical data structure supported in Karma from and to
open channels.
The use of these routines is NOT recommended. The <-dsxfr-> routines are
the preferred means of transferring data structures.
.SH LIBRARY
karma
.SH LINK WITH
-lkarma
.SH FUNCTIONS
.IP \fIdsrw_filter_setup\fP 1i
Set up a Karma data filter.
.IP \fIdsrw_filter_process\fP 1i
Read in data and write in Karma format.
.IP \fIdsrw_write_multi\fP 1i
Write a multi_array data structure.
.IP \fIdsrw_write_multi_header\fP 1i
Write a multi_array data structure header.
.IP \fIdsrw_write_packet_desc\fP 1i
Write a packet descriptor in binary format.
.IP \fIdsrw_write_element_desc\fP 1i
Write an element descriptor in binary format.
.IP \fIdsrw_write_array_desc\fP 1i
Write an array descriptor in binary format.
.IP \fIdsrw_write_dim_desc\fP 1i
Write a dimension descriptor in binary format.
.IP \fIdsrw_write_history\fP 1i
Write history information.
.IP \fIdsrw_write_packet\fP 1i
Write packet data in binary format.
.IP \fIdsrw_write_element\fP 1i
Write an element in binary format.
.IP \fIdsrw_write_array\fP 1i
Write an array in binary format.
.IP \fIdsrw_write_list\fP 1i
Write a linked list in binary format.
.IP \fIdsrw_write_packets\fP 1i
Write the binary representation of many data packets.
.IP \fIdsrw_write_flag\fP 1i
Write a boolean value in binary format to a channel object.
.IP \fIdsrw_read_multi\fP 1i
Read the binary representation of a multi_array structure.
.IP \fIdsrw_read_multi_header\fP 1i
Read the binary representation of a multi_array header.
.IP \fIdsrw_read_packet_desc\fP 1i
Read the binary representation of a packet descriptor.
.IP \fIdsrw_read_array_desc\fP 1i
Read the binary representation of an array descriptor.
.IP \fIdsrw_read_dim_desc\fP 1i
Read the binary representation of a dimension descriptor.
.IP \fIdsrw_read_packet\fP 1i
Read the binary representation of a data packet.
.IP \fIdsrw_read_element\fP 1i
Read the binary representation of an element.
.IP \fIdsrw_read_array\fP 1i
Read the binary representation of an array.
.IP \fIdsrw_read_list\fP 1i
Read the binary representation of a linked list.
.IP \fIdsrw_read_packets\fP 1i
Read the binary representation of many data packets.
.IP \fIdsrw_read_flag\fP 1i
Read the binary representation of a boolean.
.IP \fIdsrw_read_type\fP 1i
Read the binary representation of a data type.
.IP \fIdsrw_PROTO_read_func\fP 1i
Read data and write to a buffer.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
