.TH DSXFR_GET_MULTI 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
dsxfr_get_multi \- Read a multi_array data structure.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_dsxfr.h>
.sp
.B multi_array * dsxfr_get_multi
.sp
(CONST char *object, flag cache,
unsigned int mmap_option, flag writable)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will get (read from disc, read from connection) a
multi_desc general data structure from a named object.
.IP \fIobject\fP 1i
The object name. If the object is named "connection[#]" then
whatever data has been previously sent over the "multi_array" protocol
connection with index:
In all other cases the data will be read from a disc file. The routine will
append a ".kf" extension if not already specified.
.IP \fIcache\fP 1i
If TRUE and the data is read from a disc, the data structure and
filename relationship is cached. This means that a subsequent attempt to
read the data will not require the disc to be accessed. This relationship
is lost if the data structure is destroyed. Also, in both this case and the
case where the data structure is "read" from a connection, the attachment
count for the data structure is incremented *every time* this routine is
called. Read the documentation for the <ds_dealloc_multi> routine for
information on attachment counts. The attachment count is *not* incremented
when reading a disc file without adding it to the cache list.
.IP \fImmap_option\fP 1i
Option to control memory mapping when reading from disc. See
<-ch_MAP_CONTROLS-> for a list of legal values.
.IP \fIwritable\fP 1i
If TRUE, the mapped structure will be writable. When the data
structure data is modified these changes will be reflected in the disc
file. The shape of the data structure cannot be changed though mapping.
If FALSE and the structure is written to, a segmentation fault occurs.
.SH RETURN VALUE
A pointer to the data structure on success, else NULL.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH NOTE
Reading from a connection with this routine does *not* block, if no
prior data was transmitted, the routine returns NULL. Multiple calls to
this routine will return the same data structure *until* new data is
received over the connection.
.sp
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
