.TH DSXFR_PUT_MULTI 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
dsxfr_put_multi \- Write a multi_array data structure.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_dsxfr.h>
.sp
.B flag dsxfr_put_multi
.sp
(CONST char *object, multi_array *multi_desc)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will put (write to disc, transmit over connection) a
multi_desc general data structure to a named object.
.IP \fIobject\fP 1i
The object name. If the object is named "connections" then the
data will be transmitted to all available connections with the
"multi_array" protocol. If the object is named "connections:{module_name}"
then the data will be transmitted to all available connections to modules
with the name {module_name} and with the "multi_array" protocol.
If the object is named "connections:!<<module_name>>" then the data will be
transmitted to all available connections with the "multi_array" protocol to
all modules except those with the name <<module_name>>.
If the object is named "connection[#]" then the data will be transmitted to
the "multi_array" protocol connection with index:
If the object is named "<<filename>>_connection" then the data will be
transmitted to all available connections with the "multi_array" protocol.
In all other cases the data will be written to a disc file. The routine
will append a ".kf" extension if not already specified. If the disc file
already exists, the old data file is first renamed to have a trailing '~'
(tilde) character.
.IP \fImulti_desc\fP 1i
A pointer to the data structure.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE on success, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
