.TH E 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH PACKAGE
e \- Routines to generate periodic events
.SH PURPOSE
These routines are meant to provide a flexible, portable means to generate
periodic events.
NOTE: THIS PACKAGE IS WORK IN PROGRESS. THE INTERFACE MAY CHANGE IN THE
NEXT RELEASE, POSSIBLY WITHOUT NOTICE.
.SH LIBRARY
karma
.SH LINK WITH
-lkarma
.SH FUNCTIONS
.IP \fIe_test_supported\fP 1i
Test if application supports scheduled events.
.IP \fIe_create_list\fP 1i
Create a periodic event management list.
.IP \fIe_dispatch_events\fP 1i
Dispatch events for a list.
.IP \fIe_register_func\fP 1i
Register a function to be called periodically.
.IP \fIe_unregister_func\fP 1i
Unregister an event function.
.IP \fIe_unix_init\fP 1i
Initialise periodic event management support under Unix.
.IP \fIe_unix_dispatch_events\fP 1i
Dispatch events for Unix.
.IP \fIe_PROTO_event_func\fP 1i
Event callback.
.SH TABLE e_DISPATCH_LEVELS
List of dispatch levels

.TS
l l
_ _
l l.
Dispatch level        Meaning
DISPATCH_SYNCHRONOUS  Dispatch synchronously with the application main
                      thread
DISPATCH_ASYNCHRONOUS Dispatch asynchronously (like a Unix signal handler).
                      Use with caution, as race conditions may result
.TE
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
