.TH EXT_CALL 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
ext_call \- Call an extension function.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_ext.h>
.sp
.B unsigned int ext_call
.sp
(CONST char *service, CONST char *function,
unsigned int max_func, unsigned int *num_ok,
flag allow_consumption, void *arg1, void *arg2,
void *arg3, void *arg4, void *arg5, void *arg6)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Call an extension function.
.IP \fIservice\fP 1i
The service name for the extension.
.IP \fIfunction\fP 1i
The function to call.
.IP \fImax_func\fP 1i
The maximum number of functions to call. If this is 0 there is
no limit.
.IP \fInum_ok\fP 1i
The number of functions which returned TRUE is written here. This
may be NULL.
.IP \fIallow_consumption\fP 1i
If TRUE, the first function that returns TRUE will
consume the event, preventing further functions from being called.
.IP \fIarg1\fP 1i
An optional argument.
.IP \fIarg2\fP 1i
An optional argument.
.IP \fIarg3\fP 1i
An optional argument.
.IP \fIarg4\fP 1i
An optional argument.
.IP \fIarg5\fP 1i
An optional argument.
.IP \fIarg6\fP 1i
An optional argument.
.SH RETURN VALUE
The number of functions called. The value 0 is returned if no
functions were called.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
