.TH FOREIGN_SUNRAS_WRITE_PSEUDO 3 "24 Dec 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
foreign_sunras_write_pseudo \- Write a PseudoColor image to a channel in Sun rasterfile format.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_foreign.h>
.sp
.B flag foreign_sunras_write_pseudo
.sp
(Channel channel,
CONST char *image, unsigned int type,
uaddr *hoffsets, uaddr *voffsets,
unsigned int width, unsigned int height,
CONST unsigned short *cmap_reds,
CONST unsigned short *cmap_greens,
CONST unsigned short *cmap_blues,
unsigned int cmap_size,
unsigned int cmap_stride,
double i_min, double i_max)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Write a PseudoColor image to a channel in Sun rasterfile format.
.IP \fIchannel\fP 1i
The channel to write to. The channel is not flushed.
.IP \fIimage\fP 1i
The image data.
.IP \fItype\fP 1i
The type of the image data.
.IP \fIhoffsets\fP 1i
The array of horizontal byte offsets.
.IP \fIvoffsets\fP 1i
The array of vertical byte offsets.
.IP \fIwidth\fP 1i
The width of the image.
.IP \fIheight\fP 1i
The height of the image.
.IP \fIcmap_reds\fP 1i
The red colourmap values.
.IP \fIcmap_greens\fP 1i
The green colourmap values.
.IP \fIcmap_blues\fP 1i
The blue colourmap values.
.IP \fIcmap_size\fP 1i
The number of colourmap entries.
.IP \fIcmap_stride\fP 1i
The stride (in unsigned shorts) between colourmap values.
.IP \fIi_min\fP 1i
The minimum image value. Image values below this will be clipped.
.IP \fIi_max\fP 1i
The maximum image value. Image values above this will be clipped.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE on succes, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
