.TH FOREIGN_MIRIAD_CREATE_DATA_CONTEXT 3 "24 Dec 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
foreign_miriad_create_data_context \- Create a context suitable for reading Miriad Image data.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_foreign.h>
.sp
.B KMiriadDataContext foreign_miriad_create_data_context
.sp
(CONST char *dirname, unsigned int mmap_option, flag writable)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will create a context suitable for reading Miriad
Image data. The <-foreign_miriad_read_data-> routine may be used to read
data sequentially from the context.
.IP \fIdirname\fP 1i
The directory name of the Miriad dataset name.
.IP \fImmap_option\fP 1i
Option to control memory mapping when reading from disc. See
<-ch_MAP_CONTROLS-> for a list of legal values.
.IP \fIwritable\fP 1i
If TRUE, the mapped structure will be writable. When the data
structure data is modified these changes will be reflected in the disc
file. The shape of the data structure cannot be changed though mapping.
If FALSE and the structure is written to, a segmentation fault occurs.
.SH RETURN VALUE
A KMiriadDataContext object on success, else NULL (indicating the
image file could not be read).
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
