.TH FOREIGN_GILDAS_READ_HEADER 3 "24 Dec 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
foreign_gildas_read_header \- Read a GILDAS dataset header.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_foreign.h>
.sp
.B multi_array * foreign_gildas_read_header
.sp
(CONST char *setname, flag data_alloc,
unsigned int mmap_option,
flag writable,
KGILDASDataContext *context)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Read a GILDAS dataset header.
.IP \fIsetname\fP 1i
The GILDAS dataset name.
.IP \fIdata_alloc\fP 1i
If TRUE, the data space is allocated.
.IP \fImmap_option\fP 1i
Control value which determines whether the channel is opened
as an ordinary disc file or is mapped. See <-ch_MAP_CONTROLS-> for legal
values. If the file is not mapped then the routine will attempt to open an
ordinary disc channel. If the file is opened as a disc channel the access
mode is: "rz".
.IP \fIwritable\fP 1i
If the mapped pages are to be writable, this must be TRUE. If
this is FALSE and the memory pages are written to, a segmentation fault
occurs.
.IP \fIcontext\fP 1i
The data reading context is written here, to be used in
subsequent calls to <-foreign_gildas_read_data->. This may be NULL.
.SH RETURN VALUE
A multi_array descriptor on success, else NULL.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
