.TH FOREIGN_FITS_WRITE_DATA 3 "24 Dec 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
foreign_fits_write_data \- Write data to a FITS file.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_foreign.h>
.sp
.B flag foreign_fits_write_data
.sp
(Channel channel, multi_array *multi_desc,
CONST packet_desc *header_pack_desc,
CONST char *header_packet,
char *data, uaddr num_values, ...)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will write the data section of a FITS file to a
channel. The header section is NOT written.
.IP \fIchannel\fP 1i
The channel to write to.
.IP \fImulti_desc\fP 1i
The Karma data structure containing the data.
.IP \fIheader_pack_desc\fP 1i
The header packet descriptor.
.IP \fIheader_packet\fP 1i
The header packet data.
.IP \fIdata\fP 1i
An alternate data array to read the data from. If this is
NULL, the routine will read the data from the Karma data structure.
.IP \fInum_values\fP 1i
The number of values to write to the FITS file. This is
only used when data is not NULL.
.IP \fI...\fP 1i
The optional attributes are given as pairs of attribute-key
attribute-value pairs. This list must be terminated with
FA_FITS_WRITE_DATA_END. See <-foreign_ATT_FITS_WRITE_DATA-> for a list of
defined attributes.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE on success, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
