.TH FOREIGN_SUNRAS_WRITE_RGB 3 "24 Dec 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
foreign_sunras_write_rgb \- Write a TrueColor image to a channel in Sun rasterfile format.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_foreign.h>
.sp
.B flag foreign_sunras_write_rgb
.sp
(Channel channel,
CONST unsigned char *image_red,
CONST unsigned char *image_green,
CONST unsigned char *image_blue,
uaddr *hoffsets, uaddr *voffsets,
unsigned int width, unsigned int height,
CONST unsigned short *cmap_red,
CONST unsigned short *cmap_green,
CONST unsigned short *cmap_blue,
unsigned int cmap_stride)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Write a TrueColor image to a channel in Sun rasterfile format.
.IP \fIchannel\fP 1i
The channel to write to. The channel is not flushed.
.IP \fIred_image\fP 1i
The red image data.
.IP \fIgreen_image\fP 1i
The green image data.
.IP \fIblue_image\fP 1i
The blue image data.
.IP \fIhoffsets\fP 1i
The array of horizontal byte offsets.
.IP \fIvoffsets\fP 1i
The array of vertical byte offsets.
.IP \fIwidth\fP 1i
The width of the image.
.IP \fIheight\fP 1i
The height of the image.
.IP \fIcmap_red\fP 1i
The red component colourmap entries. 256 entries required. If
this is NULL a linear mapping is assumed.
.IP \fIcmap_green\fP 1i
The green component colourmap entries. 256 entries required.
If this is NULL a linear mapping is assumed.
.IP \fIcmap_blue\fP 1i
The blue component colourmap entries. 256 entries required. If
this is NULL a linear mapping is assumed.
.IP \fIcmap_stride\fP 1i
The stride (in unsigned shorts) between colourmap values.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE on succes, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
