.TH FOREIGN_PPM_WRITE_RGB 3 "24 Dec 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
foreign_ppm_write_rgb \- Write a TrueColor image to a channel in PPM format.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_foreign.h>
.sp
.B flag foreign_ppm_write_rgb
.sp
(Channel channel, flag binary,
CONST unsigned char *image_red,
CONST unsigned char *image_green,
CONST unsigned char *image_blue,
uaddr *hoffsets, uaddr *voffsets,
unsigned int inp_width, unsigned int inp_height,
unsigned int out_width, unsigned int out_height,
CONST unsigned short *cmap_red,
CONST unsigned short *cmap_green,
CONST unsigned short *cmap_blue,
unsigned int cmap_stride)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Write a TrueColor image to a channel in PPM format.
.IP \fIchannel\fP 1i
The channel to write to. The channel is not flushed.
.IP \fIbinary\fP 1i
If TRUE, the pixels will be written in binary mode.
.IP \fIred_image\fP 1i
The red image data.
.IP \fIgreen_image\fP 1i
The green image data.
.IP \fIblue_image\fP 1i
The blue image data.
.IP \fIhoffsets\fP 1i
The array of horizontal byte offsets.
.IP \fIvoffsets\fP 1i
The array of vertical byte offsets.
.IP \fIinp_width\fP 1i
The width of the input image.
.IP \fIinp_height\fP 1i
The height of the input image.
.IP \fIout_width\fP 1i
The width of the output image. If the input image is
smaller than this, then the image will be centred with blank-filling. If
the input image is larger than this, the image will be truncated. If this
is 0, the output image will be the same width as the input image.
.IP \fIout_height\fP 1i
The height of the output image. If the input image is smaller
than this, then the image will be centred with blank-filling. If the input
image is larger than this, the image will be truncated. If this is 0, the
output image will be the same height as the input image.
.IP \fIcmap_red\fP 1i
The red component colourmap entries. 256 entries required. If
this is NULL a linear mapping is assumed.
.IP \fIcmap_green\fP 1i
The green component colourmap entries. 256 entries required.
If this is NULL a linear mapping is assumed.
.IP \fIcmap_blue\fP 1i
The blue component colourmap entries. 256 entries required. If
this is NULL a linear mapping is assumed.
.IP \fIcmap_stride\fP 1i
The stride (in unsigned shorts) between colourmap values.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE on succes, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
