.TH GRAPH1D 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH PACKAGE
graph1d \- Routines to manipulate graph 1-dimensional data
.SH PURPOSE
These routines are meant to provide a high level mechanism to graph a
1-dimensional array of values.
NOTE: THIS PACKAGE IS WORK IN PROGRESS. THE INTERFACE MAY CHANGE IN THE
NEXT RELEASE, POSSIBLY WITHOUT NOTICE.
.SH LIBRARY
karmagraphics
.SH LINK WITH
-lkarmagraphics
.SH FUNCTIONS
.IP \fIgraph1d_init\fP 1i
Initialise the package for a particular canvas.
.IP \fIgraph1d_set_canvas_attributes\fP 1i
Set attributes for a canvas.
.IP \fIgraph1d_test_if_zoomed_horizontally\fP 1i
Test if a canvas is zoomed horizontally.
.IP \fIgraph1d_unzoom\fP 1i
Unzoom a canvas.
.IP \fIgraph1d_refresh_if_needed\fP 1i
Refresh a canvas if needed.
.IP \fIgraph1d_create\fP 1i
Create viewable graph.
.IP \fIgraph1d_set_vgraph_attributes\fP 1i
Set attributes for a viewable graph.
.IP \fIgraph1d_set_active\fP 1i
Set active state for a viewable graph controlled refresh.
.IP \fIgraph1d_set_all_inactive\fP 1i
Clear active state all viewable graphs controlled refresh.
.IP \fIgraph1d_destroy\fP 1i
Destroy a viewable graph.
.IP \fIgraph1d_register_destroy_func\fP 1i
Register destroy callback.
.IP \fIgraph1d_get_worldcanvas\fP 1i
Get the world canvas for a viewable graph.
.IP \fIgraph1d_change_draw_order\fP 1i
Change the draw order for a viewable graph.
.IP \fIgraph1d_get_last\fP 1i
Get last viewable graph for a world canvas.
.IP \fIgraph1d_allocate_coords\fP 1i
Allocate co-ordinates for a viewable graph.
.IP \fIgraph1d_set_size\fP 1i
Set the size of a viewable graph.
.IP \fIgraph1d_get_size\fP 1i
Get the size of a viewable graph.
.IP \fIgraph1d_save_ascii\fP 1i
Save the data in a viewable graph in ASCII format.
.IP \fIgraph1d_orthogonal_create\fP 1i
Create an object for later viewing of orthogonal profiles.
.IP \fIgraph1d_orthogonal_destroy\fP 1i
Destroy an orthogonal profile.
.IP \fIgraph1d_orthogonal_register_destroy_func\fP 1i
Register destroy callback.
.IP \fIgraph1d_orthogonal_invalidate\fP 1i
Invalidate an orthogonal profile.
.IP \fIgraph1d_orthogonal_show_trace\fP 1i
Show a trace.
.IP \fIgraph1d_orthogonal_show_traces\fP 1i
Show a weighted, summed trace.
.IP \fIgraph1d_orthogonal_show_boxed_trace\fP 1i
Show a boxed trace.
.IP \fIgraph1d_orthogonal_configure_canvas\fP 1i
Configure a canvas using an orthogonal profile object.
.IP \fIgraph1d_orthogonal_save\fP 1i
Save orthogonal profile data to a file.
.IP \fIgraph1d_orthogonal_track_compute\fP 1i
Compute track strings.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
