.TH GRAPH1D_CREATE 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
graph1d_create \- Create viewable graph.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_graph1d.h>
.sp
.B KViewableGraph graph1d_create
.sp
(KWorldCanvas canvas, unsigned int num_points,
double **x, double **y, uaddr key, ...)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will create a viewable graph object from two arrays
of values. At a later time, this viewable graph may be made visible. This
routine will not cause the canvas to be refreshed.
.IP \fIcanvas\fP 1i
The world canvas onto which the viewable graph may be drawn. Many
viewable graphs may be associated with a single canvas.
.IP \fInum_points\fP 1i
The number of points in this viewable graph.
.IP \fIx\fP 1i
The pointer to the array of horizontal values is written here. The
space is automatically dealloated when the graph is destroyed.
.IP \fIy\fP 1i
The pointer to the array of vertical values is written here. The space
is automatically dealloated when the graph is destroyed.
.IP \fIkey\fP 1i
The key to associate with this viewable graph.
.IP \fI...\fP 1i
The list of parameter attribute-key attribute-value-ptr pairs
must follow. This list must be terminated with the GRAPH1D_VGRAPH_ATT_END.
See <-graph1d_VGRAPH_ATTRIBUTES-> for the list of attributes.
.SH RETURN VALUE
A KViewableGraph object on success, NULL.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH NOTE
The KViewableGraph will be automatically destroyed if the canvas is
destroyed.
.sp
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
