.TH GRAPH1D_ORTHOGONAL_SHOW_TRACES 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
graph1d_orthogonal_show_traces \- Show a weighted, summed trace.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_graph1d.h>
.sp
.B void graph1d_orthogonal_show_traces
.sp
(KOrthogonalProfile profile,
CONST unsigned int *dim_indices,
flag correct_aberration,
flag sum, float global_weight,
unsigned int num_traces,
CONST uaddr *coord_indices, uaddr refpos,
CONST float *weights)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Show a weighted, summed trace.
.IP \fIprofile\fP 1i
The orthogonal profile.
.IP \fIdim_indices\fP 1i
The dimension indicies. The length of this array must be one
less than the number of dimensions in the array.
.IP \fIcorrect_aberration\fP 1i
If TRUE, attempt to correct for chromatic aberration.
.IP \fIsum\fP 1i
If TRUE, the data are summed rather than averaged.
.IP \fIglobal_weight\fP 1i
This weight value is applied to each trace as it is
combined.
.IP \fInum_traces\fP 1i
The number of traces to combine.
.IP \fIcoord_indices\fP 1i
The co-ordinate indices for the traces. This is grouped
into <<num_traces>> contiguous blocks of co-ordinate traces. Each block
must contain <<num_dim>> - 1 co-ordinate indices.
.IP \fIrefpos\fP 1i
The reference position along the profile dimension.
.IP \fIweights\fP 1i
The weights to apply to each trace as it is combined. If this is
NULL no weights are applied.
.SH RETURN VALUE
Nothing.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
