.TH IARRAY_RECT_TO_POLAR 3 "14 Aug 2006" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
iarray_rect_to_polar \- Transform an image from rectangular to polar co-ordinates.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_iarray.h>
.sp
.B void iarray_rect_to_polar
.sp
(iarray out, iarray in,
double centre_x, double centre_y,
double radius_major, double radius_minor,
double rotation)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will transform an input image with a rectangular
co-ordinate system to an output image with a polar co-ordinate system.
Lines of constant radius in the output image correspond to the points
around an ellipse in the input image. The X axis in the output image will
correspond to different radii bins, while the Y axis will correspond to
different angle bins. The last X axis index will correspond to the outer
ellipse.
.IP \fIout\fP 1i
The output 2D Intelligent Array of type K_FLOAT. The polar image is
written here. This must be externally allocated.
.IP \fIin\fP 1i
The input 2D Intelligent Array of type K_FLOAT. This must contain the
input rectangular image.
.IP \fIcentre_x\fP 1i
The X centre of the new polar co-ordinate system in the input.
.IP \fIcentre_y\fP 1i
The Y centre of the new polar co-ordinate system in the input.
.IP \fIradius_major\fP 1i
The radius of the major axis of the outer ellipse.
.IP \fIradius_minor\fP 1i
The radius of the minor axis of the outer ellipse.
.IP \fIrotation\fP 1i
The rotation of the ellipse, in degrees. An angle of 0 would
mean the major axis is parallel to the input image X axis.
.SH RETURN VALUE
Nothing.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
