.TH IARRAY_CONTOUR 3 "14 Aug 2006" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
iarray_contour \- Extract contours from a 2-dimensional Intelligent Array.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_iarray.h>
.sp
.B void iarray_contour
.sp
(iarray array, unsigned int num_levels,
CONST double *contour_levels,
uaddr structure_size, uaddr *buffer_sizes,
double **x0_arr, double **y0_arr,
double **x1_arr, double **y1_arr,
uaddr *num_segments)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will extract contours from a 2-dimensional
Intelligent Array, producing a list of line segments that approximate the
countours. The co-ordinates of the line segments are in linear world
co-ordinates.
.IP \fIarray\fP 1i
The array.
.IP \fInum_levels\fP 1i
The number of contour levels.
.IP \fIcontour_levels\fP 1i
The array of contour levels.
.IP \fIstructure_size\fP 1i
The size (in bytes) of the per-level data structure. The
calling function is expected to pass pointers to various fields in the
first structure. The fields are modified.
.IP \fIbuffer_sizes\fP 1i
A pointer to the first co-ordinate buffer size field.
.IP \fIx0_arr\fP 1i
A pointer to the first x0 co-ordinate array field. The co-ordinate
array may be internally reallocated.
.IP \fIy0_arr\fP 1i
A pointer to the first y0 co-ordinate array field. The co-ordinate
array may be internally reallocated.
.IP \fIx1_arr\fP 1i
A pointer to the first x1 co-ordinate array field. The co-ordinate
array may be internally reallocated.
.IP \fIy1_arr\fP 1i
A pointer to the first y1 co-ordinate array field. The co-ordinate
array may be internally reallocated.
.IP \fInum_segments\fP 1i
A pointer to the first number of segments field.
.SH RETURN VALUE
Nothing.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
