.TH IARRAY_COMPUTE_HISTOGRAM 3 "14 Aug 2006" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
iarray_compute_histogram \- Compute a histogram of an "Intelligent Array".
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_iarray.h>
.sp
.B flag iarray_compute_histogram
.sp
(iarray array, unsigned int conv_type,
double min, double max, unsigned long num_bins,
unsigned long *histogram_array,
unsigned long *histogram_peak,
unsigned long *histogram_mode)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Compute a histogram of an "Intelligent Array".
.IP \fIarray\fP 1i
The array.
.IP \fIconv_type\fP 1i
The conversion type to use for complex numbers. See
<-ds_COMPLEX_CONVERSIONS-> for legal values. CONV_CtoR_ENVELOPE is not
legal.
.IP \fImin\fP 1i
Data values below this will be ignored.
.IP \fImax\fP 1i
Data values above this will be ignored.
.IP \fInum_bins\fP 1i
The number of histogram bins.
.IP \fIhistogram_array\fP 1i
A pointer to the histogram array. The values in this
array are updated, and hence must be initialised externally.
.IP \fIhistogram_peak\fP 1i
The peak of the histogram is written here. This value is
updated, and hence must be externally initialised to 0.
.IP \fIhistogram_mode\fP 1i
The mode of the histogram (index value of the peak) will
be written here. This value is updated, and hence must be externally
initialised to 0.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE on success, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
