.TH IARRAY_GET_IMAGE_FROM_MULTI 3 "14 Aug 2006" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
iarray_get_image_from_multi \- Get an image from a Karma data structure.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_iarray.h>
.sp
.B flag iarray_get_image_from_multi
.sp
(multi_array *multi_desc, iarray *pseudo,
iarray *red, iarray *green, iarray *blue,
unsigned int *cmap_index)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will find an image embedded in a Karma data
structure. The image may be single-channel (PseudoColour) or it may be a
TrueColour image (red, green and blue components).
.IP \fImulti_desc\fP 1i
The Karma data structure.
.IP \fIpseudo\fP 1i
If a single-channel image is found, the corresponding Intelligent
Array is written here. If no single-channel image is found, NULL is written
here.
.IP \fIred\fP 1i
If a TrueColour image is found, the red component Intelligent Array
is written here. If no TrueColour image is found, NULL is written here.
.IP \fIgreen\fP 1i
If a TrueColour image is found, the green component Intelligent
Array is written here. If no TrueColour image is found, NULL is written
here.
.IP \fIblue\fP 1i
If a TrueColour image is found, the blue component Intelligent Array
is written here. If no TrueColour image is found, NULL is written here.
.IP \fIcmap_index\fP 1i
If the image found is a single-channel image and the data
structure has an associated RGBcolourmap, the index to the colourmap
structure is written here. If no colourmap is found, the value written here
is set to the number of general data structures in multi_desc.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE on succes, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
