.TH IARRAY_MOMENT_COMPUTE 3 "14 Aug 2006" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
iarray_moment_compute \- Compute the 0th and 1st moments along the Z axis of a cube.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_iarray.h>
.sp
.B flag iarray_moment_compute
.sp
(iarray mom0, iarray mom1, iarray cube,
float lower_clip, float sum_clip,
unsigned int moment1_algorithm,
unsigned int start_z, unsigned int stop_z,
float *mom0_min, float *mom0_max)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Compute the 0th and 1st moments along the Z axis of a cube.
.IP \fImom0\fP 1i
The 0th moment array.
.IP \fImom1\fP 1i
The 1st moment array.
.IP \fIcube\fP 1i
The cube.
.IP \fIlower_clip\fP 1i
Values in the cube lower than this value are not used in the
computation of the moments.
.IP \fIsum_clip\fP 1i
Values in the 0th moment map lower than this value are not used
in the computation of the 1st moment.
.IP \fImoment1_algorithm\fP 1i
The 1st moment algorithm.
.IP \fIstart_z\fP 1i
The start channel.
.IP \fIstop_z\fP 1i
The stop channel.
.IP \fImom0_min\fP 1i
The minimum value in the 0th moment image is written here.
.IP \fImom0_max\fP 1i
The maximum value in the 0th moment image is written here.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE on success, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
