.TH IARRAY_TRANSFORM_3D 3 "14 Aug 2006" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
iarray_transform_3D \- Transform an array by iterating over the input array.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_iarray.h>
.sp
.B flag iarray_transform_3D
.sp
(iarray out_arr, KwcsAstro out_ap,
iarray in_arr, KwcsAstro in_ap,
void (*func) (void *info, unsigned long length,
double *x, double *y, double *z),
void *info)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Transform an array by iterating over the input array.
.IP \fIout_arr\fP 1i
The output array. The new grid must already be defined.
.IP \fIout_ap\fP 1i
The output KwcsAstro object.
.IP \fIin_arr\fP 1i
The input array.
.IP \fIin_ap\fP 1i
The input KwcsAstro object.
.IP \fIfunc\fP 1i
The function used to convert from input world co-ordinates to output
world co-ordinates.
.IP \fIinfo\fP 1i
An arbitrary information pointer passed to <<func>>.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE on success, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH NOTE
Aliasing artefacts may appear if the output grid resolution is too
high. This is an inherent problem with forward transform algorithms. If
an inverse co-ordinate transform function is available, then use
<-iarray_untransform_3D-> instead, which avoids these artefacts.
.sp
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
