.TH IARRAY 3 "14 Aug 2006" "Karma Distribution"
.SH PACKAGE
iarray \- Routines to manipulate Intelligent Arrays
.SH PURPOSE
These routines provide a simple interface to the recursive,
heirarchical data structure supported in Karma, when only n-dimensional
data is to be represented.
.SH LIBRARY
karma
.SH LINK WITH
-lkarma
.SH FUNCTIONS
.IP \fIiarray_contour\fP 1i
Extract contours from a 2-dimensional Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_get_image_from_multi\fP 1i
Get an image from a Karma data structure.
.IP \fIiarray_get_movie_from_multi\fP 1i
Get a movie from a Karma data structure.
.IP \fIiarray_get_nD_from_multi\fP 1i
Get a n-dimensional array from a Karma data structure.
.IP \fIiarray_read_nD\fP 1i
Read in a Karma arrayfile and yield an "Intelligent Array".
.IP \fIiarray_write\fP 1i
Write an "Intelligent Array" in the Karma data format.
.IP \fIiarray_create\fP 1i
Create an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_create2\fP 1i
Create an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_get_from_multi_array\fP 1i
Create an Intelligent Array from a Karma data structure.
.IP \fIiarray_create_from_array_desc\fP 1i
Create an Intelligent Array from a preallocated nD array.
.IP \fIiarray_dealloc\fP 1i
Deallocate an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_dealloc2\fP 1i
Deallocate an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_put_named_value\fP 1i
Attach a data value to an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_put_named_string\fP 1i
Attach a string to an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_get_named_value\fP 1i
Get attached data from an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_get_named_string\fP 1i
Get attached string from an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_get_sub_array_2D\fP 1i
Create a 2-dimensional alias Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_get_2D_slice_from_3D\fP 1i
Create a 2-dimensional Intelligent Array alias from a slice.
.IP \fIiarray_get_sub_array_3D\fP 1i
Create a 3-dimensional alias Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_get_3D_slice_from_4D\fP 1i
Create a 3-dimensional Intelligent Array alias from a slice.
.IP \fIiarray_remap_torus\fP 1i
Remap Intelligent Array into a torus.
.IP \fIiarray_dim_length\fP 1i
Get length of a dimension in an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_dim_name\fP 1i
Get dimension name in an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_set_world_coords\fP 1i
Set the world co-ordinates of an Intelligent Array dimension.
.IP \fIiarray_get_world_coords\fP 1i
Get the world co-ordinates of an Intelligent Array dimension.
.IP \fIiarray_get_dim_desc\fP 1i
Get a dimension descriptor from an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_get_restrictions\fP 1i
Get restriction information.
.IP \fIiarray_is_full_array\fP 1i
Test if iarray is the same size as the underlying array.
.IP \fIiarray_compare_sizes\fP 1i
Compare if two Intelligent Arrays are the same size.
.IP \fIiarray_copy_data\fP 1i
Copy data between Intelligent Arrays.
.IP \fIiarray_clear\fP 1i
Clear (set to zero) an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_fill\fP 1i
Fill an Intelligent Array with a single value.
.IP \fIiarray_min_max\fP 1i
Determine the minimum and maximum value of an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_scale_and_offset\fP 1i
Scale and offset an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_clip_scale_and_offset\fP 1i
Clip, scale and offset an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_add_and_scale\fP 1i
Add Intelligent Arrays and scale.
.IP \fIiarray_add_and_scale2\fP 1i
Add Intelligent Arrays and scale.
.IP \fIiarray_sub_and_scale\fP 1i
Subtract Intelligent Arrays and scale.
.IP \fIiarray_multiply_divide\fP 1i
Multiply or divide Intelligent Arrays and scale.
.IP \fIiarray_compute_histogram\fP 1i
Compute a histogram of an "Intelligent Array".
.IP \fIiarray_sum\fP 1i
Determine the sum of an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_matrix_multiply\fP 1i
Perform a matrix multiply.
.IP \fIiarray_dim_index\fP 1i
This routine will find the index of a named dimension.
.IP \fIiarray_get_data_scaling\fP 1i
Get the scale and offset for data in an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_set_data_scaling\fP 1i
Set the scale and offset for data in an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_get_data_range\fP 1i
Get the range of data in an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_set_data_range\fP 1i
Set the range of data in an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_format_value\fP 1i
Format a data value into a string.
.IP \fIiarray_create_from_template\fP 1i
Create an Intelligent Array from a template array.
.IP \fIiarray_create_from_template2\fP 1i
Create an Intelligent Array from a template array.
.IP \fIiarray_get_coordinate\fP 1i
Get a co-ordinate along a dimension.
.IP \fIiarray_set_dim_name\fP 1i
Change the name of a dimension of an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_append_history_string\fP 1i
Add a history string to an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_copy_named_element\fP 1i
Copy a named element from one Intelligent Array to another.
.IP \fIiarray_get_fits_axis\fP 1i
Get the FITS axis number of a dimension.
.IP \fIiarray_create_and_setup\fP 1i
Create an Intelligent Array and setup.
.IP \fIiarray_get_associated_wcs_astro\fP 1i
Get the KwcsAstro object associated with an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_set_value_name\fP 1i
Change the data name of an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_find_centroid\fP 1i
Find the centroid inside an ellipse.
.IP \fIiarray_copy_attached\fP 1i
Copy attached data from one Intelligent Array to another.
.IP \fIiarray_compare_grids_2D\fP 1i
Compare if two image slices have the same world co-ordinate grid.
.IP \fIiarray_get_beam_correction\fP 1i
Get the beam correction for an area in an array.
.IP \fIiarray_register_data_change\fP 1i
Notify data for Intelligent Array has changed.
.IP \fIiarray_get_values\fP 1i
Convert Intelligent Array data to double precision complex values
.IP \fIiarray_moment_compute\fP 1i
Compute the 0th and 1st moments along the Z axis of a cube.
.IP \fIiarray_moment_create\fP 1i
Create 2-D arrays to contain computed moment maps.
.IP \fIiarray_write_mono_ps\fP 1i
Write an Intelligent Array as monochrome PostScript.
.IP \fIiarray_write_pseudocolour_ps\fP 1i
Write an Intelligent Array as PseudoColour PostScript.
.IP \fIiarray_write_rgb_ps\fP 1i
Write an Intelligent Array as TrueColour PostScript.
.IP \fIiarray_regrid_2D\fP 1i
Regrid an array by iterating over the output array.
.IP \fIiarray_regrid_3D\fP 1i
Regrid an array by iterating over the output array.
.IP \fIiarray_scroll\fP 1i
Scroll an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_rect_to_polar\fP 1i
Transform an image from rectangular to polar co-ordinates.
.IP \fIiarray_transform_3D\fP 1i
Transform an array by iterating over the input array.
.IP \fIiarray_untransform_3D\fP 1i
Transform an array by iterating over the output array.
.IP \fIiarray_create_1D\fP 1i
Create a 1-dimensional Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_create_2D\fP 1i
Create a 2-dimensional Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_create_3D\fP 1i
Create a 3-dimensional Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_create_4D\fP 1i
Create a 4-dimensional Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_create_shm\fP 1i
Create an n-dimensional Intelligent Array in shared memory.
.IP \fIiarray_put_double\fP 1i
Attach a double precision data value to an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_put_float\fP 1i
Attach a float data value to an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_put_int\fP 1i
Attach an integer data value to an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_get_double\fP 1i
Get attached double float from an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_get_float\fP 1i
Get attached float from an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_get_int\fP 1i
Get attached integer from an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_fill_double\fP 1i
Fill an Intelligent Array with a double precision float value.
.IP \fIiarray_fill_float\fP 1i
Fill an Intelligent Array with a single float value.
.IP \fIiarray_fill_int\fP 1i
Fill an Intelligent Array with a single integer value.
.IP \fIiarray_min_max_float\fP 1i
Determine the minimum and maximum value of an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_min_max_int\fP 1i
Determine the minimum and maximum value of an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_scale_and_offset_float\fP 1i
Scale and offset an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_scale_and_offset_int\fP 1i
Scale and offset an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_num_dim\fP 1i
Get number of dimensions in an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_type\fP 1i
Get type of data in an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_value_name\fP 1i
Get name of data in an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_register_destroy_func\fP 1i
Register destroy function for an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_multi_array\fP 1i
Get the multi_array for an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_multi_index\fP 1i
Get the index of the Intelligent Array within the multi_array.
.IP \fIiarray_array_desc\fP 1i
Get the array_desc for an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_arrayp\fP 1i
Get the array_pointer for an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_register_data_change_func\fP 1i
Register data change function for an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIiarray_PROTO_destroy_func\fP 1i
Register destruction of an Intelligent Array.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
