.TH IARRAY_GET_ND_FROM_MULTI 3 "14 Aug 2006" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
iarray_get_nD_from_multi \- Get a n-dimensional array from a Karma data structure.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_iarray.h>
.sp
.B flag iarray_get_nD_from_multi
.sp
(multi_array *multi_desc, CONST char *name,
unsigned int num_dim, iarray *pseudo,
iarray *red, iarray *green, iarray *blue,
unsigned int *cmap_index)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will find an array embedded in a Karma data
structure. The array may be single-channel (PseudoColour) or it may be a
TrueColour array (red, green and blue components).
.IP \fImulti_desc\fP 1i
The Karma data structure.
.IP \fIname\fP 1i
The name of the general data structure. This may be NULL.
.IP \fIpseudo\fP 1i
If a single-channel movie is found, the corresponding Intelligent
Array is written here. If no single-channel movie is found, NULL is written
here.
.IP \fInum_dim\fP 1i
The number of dimensions the array must have. Passing 0 will
cause the programme to abort.
.IP \fIred\fP 1i
If a TrueColour array is found, the red component Intelligent Array
is written here. If no TrueColour array is found, NULL is written here.
.IP \fIgreen\fP 1i
If a TrueColour array is found, the green component Intelligent
Array is written here. If no TrueColour array is found, NULL is written
here.
.IP \fIblue\fP 1i
If a TrueColour array is found, the blue component Intelligent Array
is written here. If no TrueColour array is found, NULL is written here.
.IP \fIcmap_index\fP 1i
If the array found is a single-channel array and the data
structure has an associated RGBcolourmap, the index to the colourmap
structure is written here. If no colourmap is found, the value written here
is set to the number of general data structures in multi_desc.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE on succes, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
