.TH IARRAY_GET_DATA_SCALING 3 "14 Aug 2006" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
iarray_get_data_scaling \- Get the scale and offset for data in an Intelligent Array.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_iarray.h>
.sp
.B flag iarray_get_data_scaling
.sp
(iarray array, double *scale, double *offset)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will determine the scale and offset for data in an
Intelligent Array. This may be important when a floating-point array has
been converted to an integer array to save space. Scaling information
should be attached to the array so that the original data values may be
reconstructed (aside from quantisation effects). The following expression
may be used to convert scaled values to real values:
(output = input * scale + offset). The scaling and offset values should
previously have been attached to the Intelligent Array using the
<-iarray_set_data_scaling-> routine.
.IP \fIarray\fP 1i
The array.
.IP \fIscale\fP 1i
The scaling value will be written here. The name of the scaling
value is constructed by appending "__SCALE" to the array value name (see
<-iarray_value_name->). If no scaling value is found, 1.0 is written
here. As a fallback, if the FITS-style "BSCALE" keyword is found and is
appropriate, this is used.
.IP \fIoffset\fP 1i
The offset value will be written here. The name of the offset
value is constructed by appending "__OFFSET" to the array value name (see
<-iarray_value_name->). If no offset value is found, 0.0 is written
here. As a fallback, if the FITS-style "BZERO" keyword is found and is
appropriate, this is used.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE if either the scaling or offset value were found, else FALSE
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
