.TH IARRAY_READ_ND 3 "14 Aug 2006" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
iarray_read_nD \- Read in a Karma arrayfile and yield an "Intelligent Array".
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_iarray.h>
.sp
.B iarray iarray_read_nD
.sp
(CONST char *object, flag cache, CONST char *arrayname,
unsigned int num_dim, CONST char **dim_names,
CONST char *elem_name,
unsigned int mmap_option)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Read in a Karma arrayfile and yield an "Intelligent Array".
.IP \fIobject\fP 1i
The name of the arrayfile to read. This parameter is passed
directly to the <-dsxfr_get_multi-> routine. In order to understand the
operation of this routine, the operation of the <-dsxfr_get_multi-> routine
must be understood.
.IP \fIcache\fP 1i
This is passed directly to the <-dsxfr_get_multi-> routine.
This controls whether disc arrayfiles are cached in memory for later use.
.IP \fIarrayname\fP 1i
The name of the general data structure in the arrayfile to
search for. If this is NULL, the routine searches for the default name
"Intelligent Array". If the arrayfile has only one general data structure,
then this parameter is ignored.
.IP \fInum_dim\fP 1i
The routine searches for an n-dimensional array with a single
atomic element at each point in multi-dimensional space. If this parameter
is greater than 0, the routine will only return an array with the specified
number of dimensions. If the value is 0, then the routine will return an
n-dimensional array.
.IP \fIdim_names\fP 1i
If <<num_dim>> is not 0, then if this parameter is NULL, the
routine will search for and return an array with the default dimension
names (see <-iarray_create-> for a list of these) if more than one
n-dimensional, single element array exists in the general data structure,
or the only n-dimensional array with the specified number of dimensions.
If the routine can't find an adequate default, it will not return an array.
If <<num_dim>> is not 0, and this parameter points to an array of strings,
then the routine will only return an array which matches the specified
dimension names. The first name in the array of strings must be the highest
order dimension.
.IP \fIelem_name\fP 1i
If this is NULL, the routine will ignore the element name of
the array which is located, else it will insist on the array element name
matching the specified name.
.IP \fImmap_option\fP 1i
This is passed directly to the <-dsxfr_get_multi-> routine.
This parameter controls the memory mapping of disc arrayfiles.
If the data structure is likely to be subsequently modified, the value must
be K_CH_MAP_NEVER, otherwise the data may be read-only memory mapped
and writing to it will cause a segmentation fault.
.SH RETURN VALUE
A dynamically allocated intelligent array on success, else an
error message is printed to the standard output and NULL is returned.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
