.TH IARRAY_CREATE_AND_SETUP 3 "14 Aug 2006" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
iarray_create_and_setup \- Create an Intelligent Array and setup.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_iarray.h>
.sp
.B flag iarray_create_and_setup
.sp
(iarray *array, multi_array *multi_desc,
flag inform, unsigned int num_dim,
unsigned int required_type,
double *min, double *max,
flag discard_zero_range, KwcsAstro *ap)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will attempt to guess the filetype of a file and
in the file, converting to an Intelligent Array if possible. The routine
then performs some simple checks and some other convenience functions.
.IP \fIarray\fP 1i
The Intelligent Array is written here. An existing array pointed to
by this is deallocated.
.IP \fImulti_desc\fP 1i
The multi_array descriptor. If this is NULL, any existing data
is deallocated and no further action is taken.
.IP \fIinform\fP 1i
If TRUE, the routine displays some informative messages.
.IP \fInum_dim\fP 1i
The number of dimensions required. If this is 0, any number of
dimensions is allowed.
.IP \fIrequired_type\fP 1i
The required data type. If this is NONE, then no type is
required.
.IP \fImin\fP 1i
The minimum data value in the array is written here. If this is NULL
nothing is written here.
.IP \fImax\fP 1i
The maximum data value in the array is written here. If this is NULL
nothing is written here.
.IP \fIdiscard_zero_range\fP 1i
If TRUE, and the range of the data is zero, the
routine fails.
.IP \fIap\fP 1i
The KwcsAstro object is written here. This may be NULL.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE on success, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
