.TH IARRAY_SET_DATA_SCALING 3 "14 Aug 2006" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
iarray_set_data_scaling \- Set the scale and offset for data in an Intelligent Array.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_iarray.h>
.sp
.B flag iarray_set_data_scaling
.sp
(iarray array, double scale, double offset)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will set the scale and offset for data in an
Intelligent Array. This may be important when a floating-point array has
been converted to an integer array to save space. The scaling information
will be attached to the array so that the original data values may be
reconstructed (aside from quantisation effects). The following expression
may be used to convert scaled values to real values:
(output = input * scale + offset).
.IP \fIarray\fP 1i
The array.
.IP \fIscale\fP 1i
The scaling value. The name of the scaling value is constructed by
appending "__SCALE" to the array value name (see <-iarray_value_name->)
If appropriate, the FITS-style "BSCALE" keyword is written instead.
.IP \fIoffset\fP 1i
The offset value. The name of the offset value is constructed by
appending "__OFFSET" to the array value name(see <-iarray_value_name->)
If appropriate, the FITS-style "BZERO" keyword is written instead.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE if the scaling information is different from what was
already attached to the array, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
