.TH IARRAY_GET_FROM_MULTI_ARRAY 3 "14 Aug 2006" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
iarray_get_from_multi_array \- Create an Intelligent Array from a Karma data structure.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_iarray.h>
.sp
.B iarray iarray_get_from_multi_array
.sp
(multi_array *multi_desc,
CONST char *arrayname,
unsigned int num_dim,
CONST char **dim_names,
CONST char *elem_name)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will yield an "Intelligent Array" from a multi array
Karma general data structure. The routine searches for a n-dimensional
array with a single atomic element at each point in multi-dimensional space
.IP \fImulti_desc\fP 1i
The multi array header pointer. The attachment count is
incremented on successful completion of this routine.
.IP \fIarrayname\fP 1i
The name of the general data structure in the arrayfile to
search for. If this is NULL, the routine searches for the default name
"Intelligent Array", and if that is not found, the first general data
structure is used. If the arrayfile has only one general data structure,
then this parameter is ignored.
.IP \fInum_dim\fP 1i
If greater than 0, the routine will only return an array with
this many dimensions. If 0, then the routine will return an n-dimensional
array.
.IP \fIdim_names\fP 1i
If <<num_dim>> is not 0, then if this NULL, the routine will
search for and return an array with the default dimension names (see
<<iarray_create>> for a list of these) if more than one n-dimensional,
single element array exists in the general data structure, or the only
n-dimensional array with the specified number of dimensions. If the routine
can't find an adequate default, it will not return an array. If <<num_dim>>
is not 0, and this points to an array of strings, then the routine will
only return an array which matches the specified dimension names. The first
name in the array of strings must be the highest order dimension.
.IP \fIelem_name\fP 1i
If NULL, the routine will ignore the element name of the array
which is located, else it will insist on the array element name matching
this name.
.SH RETURN VALUE
A dynamically allocated intelligent array on success, else an
error message is printed to the standard output and NULL is returned.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
