.TH IARRAY_GET_SUB_ARRAY_3D 3 "14 Aug 2006" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
iarray_get_sub_array_3D \- Create a 3-dimensional alias Intelligent Array.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_iarray.h>
.sp
.B iarray iarray_get_sub_array_3D
.sp
(iarray array,
int startz, int starty, int startx,
unsigned int zlen, unsigned int ylen,
unsigned int xlen)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will create an "Intelligent Array" which is an alias
or a sub-array of another "Intelligent Array". Subsequent modification of
the alias array will modify the data of the original array. Sub-arrays may
be created from other sub-arrays. The attachment count of the underlying
<<multi_array>> data structure is incremented on successful completion.
.IP \fIarray\fP 1i
The original array.
.IP \fIstartz\fP 1i
The starting z (plane) index in the original array corresponding
to the first plane of the alias array.
.IP \fIstarty\fP 1i
The starting y (row) index in the original array corresponding to
the first row of the alias array.
.IP \fIstartx\fP 1i
The starting x (column) index in the original array corresponding
to the first column of the alias array.
.IP \fIzlen\fP 1i
The number of z co-ordinates (planes) in the alias array.
.IP \fIylen\fP 1i
The number of y co-ordinates (rows) in the alias array.
.IP \fIxlen\fP 1i
The number of x co-ordinates (columns) in the alias array.
.SH RETURN VALUE
A dynamically allocated intelligent array on success, else NULL.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH NOTE
Sub-arrays cannot be saved to disc.
.sp
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
