.TH IARRAY_WRITE_RGB_PS 3 "14 Aug 2006" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
iarray_write_rgb_ps \- Write an Intelligent Array as TrueColour PostScript.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_iarray.h>
.sp
.B flag iarray_write_rgb_ps
.sp
(iarray image_red, iarray image_green,
iarray image_blue, PostScriptPage pspage,
double xstart, double ystart,
double xend, double yend)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will convert three 2-dimensional Intelligent Arrays
to colour PostScript. The routine does NOT write PostScript headers or
tails.
.IP \fIimage_red\fP 1i
The Intelligent Array containing the red image component.
.IP \fIimage_green\fP 1i
The Intelligent Array containing the green image component.
.IP \fIimage_blue\fP 1i
The Intelligent Array containing the blue image component.
.IP \fIpspage\fP 1i
The PostScriptPage object.
.IP \fIxstart\fP 1i
The x starting point (scaled from 0.0 to 1.0).
.IP \fIystart\fP 1i
The y starting point (scaled from 0.0 to 1.0).
.IP \fIxend\fP 1i
The x ending point (scaled from 0.0 to 1.0).
.IP \fIyend\fP 1i
The y ending point (scaled from 0.0 to 1.0).
.IP \fIcmap\fP 1i
The colourmap. This must be the same format as returned by
<-ds_cmap_find_colourmap->.
.IP \fIcmap_size\fP 1i
The size of the colourmap. The maximum size is 256.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE on success, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH NOTE
Each of these Intelligent Arrays must be of type K_UBYTE.
.sp
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
