.TH IARRAY_CREATE_FROM_TEMPLATE2 3 "14 Aug 2006" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
iarray_create_from_template2 \- Create an Intelligent Array from a template array.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_iarray.h>
.sp
.B iarray iarray_create_from_template2
.sp
(iarray template_arr,
unsigned int elem_type,
flag copy_world_coords, flag copy_names,
flag copy_aux_info, flag clear)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will create an Intelligent Array of a specified type
using an existing Intelligent Array as the template for the size,
dimensionality and other attributes.
.IP \fItemplate_arr\fP 1i
The template Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIelem_type\fP 1i
The element type for the new Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIcopy_world_coords\fP 1i
If TRUE, the world co-ordinates for each dimension in
the template array are copied, otherwise the defaults are used.
.IP \fIcopy_names\fP 1i
If TRUE, the dimension names and the value name of the
template array are copied, else the defaults are used.
.IP \fIcopy_aux_info\fP 1i
If TRUE, auxilary information (attachments) in the template
array is copied to the new array.
.IP \fIclear\fP 1i
If TRUE, the array is filled with zeros, otherwise the contents
will be random.
.SH RETURN VALUE
An Intelligent Array on success, else NULL.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
