.TH IEDIT 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH PACKAGE
iedit \- Routines to manipulate 2D (image) editing instructions
.SH PURPOSE
These routines provide a simple interface to the recursive,
heirarchical data structure supported in Karma, to define 2-dimensional
(image) editing instructions.
.SH LIBRARY
karma
.SH LINK WITH
-lkarma
.SH FUNCTIONS
.IP \fIiedit_create_list\fP 1i
Create a managed image edit instruction list.
.IP \fIiedit_free_list\fP 1i
Destroy image edit list.
.IP \fIiedit_get_instruction_desc\fP 1i
Get the list descriptor for image edit instructions.
.IP \fIiedit_alloc_edit_coords\fP 1i
Allocate an array of edit co-ordinates.
.IP \fIiedit_get_edit_coords\fP 1i
Get a number of editing co-ordinates from a co-ordinate list.
.IP \fIiedit_add_instruction\fP 1i
Add an image edit instruction to a list.
.IP \fIiedit_remove_instructions\fP 1i
Remove instructions from an image edit list.
.IP \fIiedit_apply_instructions\fP 1i
Apply image edit instructions.
.IP \fIiedit_get_list\fP 1i
Get list of edits in an image edit list.
.IP \fIiedit_make_list_default_master\fP 1i
Prepare image edit list for mastery.
.IP \fIiedit_make_list_default_slave\fP 1i
Prepare image edit list for slavery.
.IP \fIiedit_PROTO_add_func\fP 1i
Image edit instruction add callback.
.IP \fIiedit_PROTO_loss_func\fP 1i
Image edit instruction loss callback.
.IP \fIiedit_PROTO_apply_func\fP 1i
Image edit instruction apply callback.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
