.TH IMC_24TO8 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
imc_24to8 \- Convert a 24 bit truecolour image to an 8 bit pseudocolour image.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_imc.h>
.sp
.B flag imc_24to8
.sp
(unsigned int image_size, unsigned char *image_reds,
unsigned char *image_greens, unsigned char *image_blues,
int stride24, unsigned char *out_image, int stride8,
unsigned int max_colours, unsigned int speed,
packet_desc **pack_desc, char **packet)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Convert a 24 bit truecolour image to an 8 bit pseudocolour image.
.IP \fIimage_size\fP 1i
The size of the image (in pixels).
.IP \fIimage_reds\fP 1i
The red component data of the truecolour image.
.IP \fIimage_greens\fP 1i
The green component data of the truecolour image.
.IP \fIimage_blues\fP 1i
The blue component data of the truecolour image.
.IP \fIstride24\fP 1i
The stride (in bytes) between adjacent pixels in the truecolour
image.
.IP \fIout_image\fP 1i
The output (8 bit pseudocolour) image data.
.IP \fIstride8\fP 1i
The stride (in bytes) between adjacent pixels in the pseudocolour
image.
.IP \fImax_colours\fP 1i
The maximum number of unique colours permitted (i.e. the
maximum colour palette size that can be supported).
.IP \fIspeed\fP 1i
The desired speed of the routine. This value may range from 0 to 9.
A value of 0 will result in the slowest but highest quality conversion
(i.e. the routine tries very hard to choose the best colour palette). A
value of 9 will result in the fastest conversion, at the expense of image
quality.
.IP \fIpack_desc\fP 1i
The pointer to the top level packet descriptor of the general
data structure which contains the colourmap will be written here.
.IP \fIpacket\fP 1i
The pointer to the top level packet of the general data structure
which contains the colourmap will be written here.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE on success, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
