.TH IMW_SCMAP_16TO24_LOSSY 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
imw_scmap_16to24_lossy \- Write 16bit image to a 24bit image using a software colourmap.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_imw.h>
.sp
.B flag imw_scmap_16to24_lossy
.sp
(unsigned char *out_red_image,
unsigned char *out_green_image,
unsigned char *out_blue_image, flag preserve_pad,
iaddr out_hstride, iaddr out_vstride,
int out_width, int out_height,
CONST unsigned short *inp_image,
int inp_width, int inp_height,
CONST iaddr *inp_hoffsets,
CONST iaddr *inp_voffsets,
CONST unsigned char *cmap_red,
CONST unsigned char *cmap_green,
CONST unsigned char *cmap_blue, iaddr cmap_stride)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will write a 16bit PseudoColour image into a 24bit
TrueColour image using a software colourmap to convert 16bit values to
24bit RGB values. The input and output sizes may be different. The output
image is flipped vertically relative to the input image.
.IP \fIout_red_image\fP 1i
The output red image components will be written here.
.IP \fIout_green_image\fP 1i
The output green image components will be written here.
.IP \fIout_blue_image\fP 1i
The output blue image components will be written here.
.IP \fIpreserve_pad\fP 1i
If TRUE, padding bytes between output pixels will be
preserved, else they may be overwritten for efficiency.
.IP \fIout_hstride\fP 1i
The horizontal stride in bytes between output pixels.
.IP \fIout_vstride\fP 1i
The vertical stride in bytes between output lines.
.IP \fIout_width\fP 1i
The width of the output image.
.IP \fIout_height\fP 1i
The height of the output image.
.IP \fIinp_image\fP 1i
The input 16bit PseudoColour image.
.IP \fIinp_hoffsets\fP 1i
The array of horizontal input byte offsets.
.IP \fIinp_voffsets\fP 1i
The array of vertical input byte offsets.
.IP \fIinp_width\fP 1i
The width of the input image.
.IP \fIinp_height\fP 1i
The height of the input image.
.IP \fIcmap_red\fP 1i
The red component virtual colourmap.
.IP \fIcmap_green\fP 1i
The green component virtual colourmap.
.IP \fIcmap_blue\fP 1i
The blue component virtual colourmap.
.IP \fIcmap_stride\fP 1i
The stride in bytes between colourmap entries. The number of
entries must be 65536 (16bit addressing).
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE on success, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
