.TH J 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH PACKAGE
j \- Routines to manipulate associative arrays of joined pairs
.SH PURPOSE
These routines are meant to provide general purpose associative array
support (also know as lists of joined pairs). This can save a lot of code
when you maintain lists of pairs of items (e.g. pairs of names and objects)
$NOTE
THIS PACKAGE IS WORK IN PROGRESS. THE INTERFACE MAY CHANGE IN THE
NEXT RELEASE, POSSIBLY WITHOUT NOTICE.
.SH LIBRARY
karma
.SH LINK WITH
-lkarma
.SH FUNCTIONS
.IP \fIj_create\fP 1i
Create a general purpose associative array of key-value pairs.
.IP \fIj_destroy\fP 1i
Destroy an associative array.
.IP \fIj_get_info\fP 1i
Get information attached to associative array.
.IP \fIj_put_pair\fP 1i
Add a key-value pair to an associative array.
.IP \fIj_get_pair\fP 1i
Find a key-value pair in an associative array.
.IP \fIj_destroy_pair\fP 1i
Remove a key-value pair from an associative array.
.IP \fIj_get_all_pairs\fP 1i
Get all the key-value pairs on an associative array.
.IP \fIj_get_pair_info\fP 1i
Get key and value information for a key-value pair.
.IP \fIj_PROTO_key_compare_func\fP 1i
This routine will compare two keys.
.IP \fIj_PROTO_key_copy_func\fP 1i
This routine will copy a key.
.IP \fIj_PROTO_key_destroy_func\fP 1i
This routine will destroy keys.
.IP \fIj_PROTO_value_copy_func\fP 1i
This routine will copy a value.
.IP \fIj_PROTO_value_destroy_func\fP 1i
This routine will destroy values.
.SH TABLE j_REPLACEMENT_POLICIES
List of replacement policies when adding keys

.TS
l l
_ _
l l.
Policy Name                           Meaning
KJ_REPLACEMENT_POLICY_NEW            Fail if existing key found
KJ_REPLACEMENT_POLICY_UPDATE         Fail if no existing key found
KJ_REPLACEMENT_POLICY_PUT            Add pair, remove old key if exists
.TE
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
