.TH J_PUT_PAIR 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
j_put_pair \- Add a key-value pair to an associative array.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_j.h>
.sp
.B KJoinedPair j_put_pair
.sp
(KJoinedPairList list,
CONST void *key, uaddr key_length,
CONST void *value, uaddr value_length,
void *(*value_copy_func) (CONST void *value,
uaddr length, flag *ok),
void (*value_destroy_func) (void *value),
unsigned int replacement_policy, flag front)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Add a key-value pair to an associative array.
.IP \fIlist\fP 1i
The associative array.
.IP \fIkey\fP 1i
The key.
.IP \fIkey_length\fP 1i
The length of the key, in bytes. If this is 0 and the
<<key_copy_func>> is NULL, the key pointer is copied directly. If this is
greater than zero and the <<key_copy_func>> is NULL, the specified number
of bytes are copied.
.IP \fIvalue\fP 1i
The value.
.IP \fIvalue_length\fP 1i
The length of the value, in bytes. If this is 0 and the
<<value_copy_func>> is NULL, the value pointer is copied directly. If this
is greater than zero and the <<value_copy_func>> is NULL, the specified
number of bytes are copied.
.IP \fIvalue_copy_func\fP 1i
The function used to copy values. The prototype function
is <-j_PROTO_value_copy_func->.
.IP \fIvalue_destroy_func\fP 1i
The function used to destroy values. The prototype
function is <-j_PROTO_value_destroy_func->.
.IP \fIreplacement_policy\fP 1i
The policy to use when adding the pair. See
<-j_REPLACEMENT_POLICIES-> for a list of legal values.
.IP \fIfront\fP 1i
If TRUE and the key is new, place the pair at the front of the
array. If FALSE and the key is new, place the pair at the end of the
array.
.SH RETURN VALUE
A KJoinedPair object on success, else NULL.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
