.TH KCMAP 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH PACKAGE
kcmap \- Routines to manipulate colourmaps
.SH PURPOSE
These routines are meant to provide a high level mechanism to create and
manipulate colourmaps, complete with colourmap sharing, dynamic allocation
and event management.
.SH LIBRARY
karma
.SH LINK WITH
-lkarma
.SH FUNCTIONS
.IP \fIkcmap_initialise\fP 1i
This routine will initialise the package.
.IP \fIkcmap_va_create\fP 1i
Create a high level colourmap.
.IP \fIkcmap_destroy\fP 1i
Destroy a colourmap.
.IP \fIkcmap_register_destroy_func\fP 1i
Register destroy callback.
.IP \fIkcmap_add_RGB_func\fP 1i
Register a new colourmap function.
.IP \fIkcmap_add_grey_func\fP 1i
Register a new colourmap function.
.IP \fIkcmap_register_resize_func\fP 1i
Register a colourmap resize function.
.IP \fIkcmap_register_modify_func\fP 1i
Register a colourmap modify function.
.IP \fIkcmap_change\fP 1i
Change active colourmap function.
.IP \fIkcmap_modify\fP 1i
Change colours in a colourmap.
.IP \fIkcmap_modify_direct_type\fP 1i
Change colours in a colourmap.
.IP \fIkcmap_list_funcs\fP 1i
Get list of colourmap functions.
.IP \fIkcmap_get_funcs_for_cmap\fP 1i
Get list of colourmap functions compatible with a colourmap.
.IP \fIkcmap_get_active_func\fP 1i
Get active colourmap function.
.IP \fIkcmap_get_pixels\fP 1i
Get pixel values in a colourmap.
.IP \fIkcmap_notify_pixels_changed\fP 1i
Notify that pixel values have been changed.
.IP \fIkcmap_get_pixel\fP 1i
This routine will get a numbered pixel value from a colourmap.
.IP \fIkcmap_prepare_for_slavery\fP 1i
Allow colourmap to be slaved.
.IP \fIkcmap_prepare_for_mastery\fP 1i
Allow colourmap to be slaved.
.IP \fIkcmap_copy_to_struct\fP 1i
Copy colour data from a colourmap.
.IP \fIkcmap_copy_from_struct\fP 1i
Copy colour data into a colourmap.
.IP \fIkcmap_get_rgb_value\fP 1i
Get colour data from a colourmap.
.IP \fIkcmap_get_rgb_values\fP 1i
Get colour data from a colourmap.
.IP \fIkcmap_read_rgb_values\fP 1i
Get RGB values in a colourmap.
.IP \fIkcmap_write_rgb_values\fP 1i
Write RGB values to a colourmap.
.IP \fIkcmap_get_attributes\fP 1i
This routine will get the attributes for a colourmap.
.IP \fIkcmap_set_attributes\fP 1i
This routine will set the attributes for a colourmap.
.IP \fIkcmap_register_att_notify_func\fP 1i
Register an attribute change function.
.IP \fIkcmap_get_dpy_handle\fP 1i
Get the Kdisplay object for a colourmap.
.IP \fIkcmap_PROTO_alloc_func\fP 1i
Allocate colourcells.
.IP \fIkcmap_PROTO_free_func\fP 1i
Free colourcells.
.IP \fIkcmap_PROTO_store_func\fP 1i
This routine will store colours into a low level colourmap.
.IP \fIkcmap_PROTO_location_func\fP 1i
Get location of display.
.IP \fIkcmap_PROTO_colour_func\fP 1i
Modify colour values.
.IP \fIkcmap_PROTO_grey_func\fP 1i
Modify greyscale colour values.
.IP \fIkcmap_PROTO_destroy_func\fP 1i
Process a destroy event for an object.
.IP \fIkcmap_PROTO_modify_func\fP 1i
This routine registers a change in the colourmap values.
.IP \fIkcmap_PROTO_att_notify_func\fP 1i
This routine registers a change in the attributes of a colourmap.
.SH TABLE kcmap_ATTRIBUTES
List of attributes for Kcolourmap objects

.TS
l l l l
_ _ _ _
l l l l.
Name                         Get Type       Set Type     Meaning

KCMAP_ATT_END                                            End of varargs list
KCMAP_ATT_REVERSE            flag *         flag         Reverse pixel order
KCMAP_ATT_INVERT             flag *         flag         Invert intensities
KCMAP_ATT_SOFTWARE           flag *                      Test if software
                                                         colourmap
KCMAP_ATT_DPY_HANDLE         Kdisplay *                  Get display handle
KCMAP_ATT_DIRECT_VISUAL      flag *         flag         Handle colourmap as for
                                                         a direct visual type
KCMAP_ATT_RED_SCALE          unsigned int * unsigned int Red scale
KCMAP_ATT_GREEN_SCALE        unsigned int * unsigned int Green scale
KCMAP_ATT_BLUE_SCALE         unsigned int * unsigned int Blue scale
KCMAP_ATT_STEAL_COLOURS_FROM unsigned int * unsigned int Colourmap to steal colours from
.TE
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
