.TH KCMAP_MODIFY_DIRECT_TYPE 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
kcmap_modify_direct_type \- Change colours in a colourmap.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_kcmap.h>
.sp
.B void kcmap_modify_direct_type
.sp
(Kcolourmap cmap,
double red_x, double red_y, void *red_var_param,
double green_x, double green_y,
void *green_var_param,
double blue_x, double blue_y,
void *blue_var_param)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will call the active colour compute function to
change the colourmap colours in a colourmap.
.IP \fIcmap\fP 1i
The colourmap object.
.IP \fIred_x\fP 1i
A parameter used to compute the red component colour values.
.IP \fIred_y\fP 1i
A parameter used to compute the red component colour values.
.IP \fIred_var_param\fP 1i
A parameter used to compute the red component colour
values.
.IP \fIgreen_x\fP 1i
A parameter used to compute the green component colour values.
.IP \fIgreen_y\fP 1i
A parameter used to compute the green component colour values.
.IP \fIgreen_var_param\fP 1i
A parameter used to compute the green component colour
values.
.IP \fIblue_x\fP 1i
A parameter used to compute the blue component colour values.
.IP \fIblue_y\fP 1i
A parameter used to compute the blue component colour values.
.IP \fIblue_var_param\fP 1i
A parameter used to compute the blue component colour
values.
.SH RETURN VALUE
Nothing.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH NOTE
If the REVERSE attribute for the colourmap is set, the colourmap is
reversed.
.sp
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
