.TH KWIN_CREATE_CHILD 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
kwin_create_child \- Create a child pixel canvas.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_kwin.h>
.sp
.B KPixCanvas kwin_create_child
.sp
(KPixCanvas parent, int xoff, int yoff,
int width, int height, flag absorb_events)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will create a pixel canvas, ready for drawing,
within an existing pixel canvas. The new pixel canvas is a child of the
parent pixel canvas. The child *does not* receive refresh events from the
parent, it *does* receive position events from the parent, provided these
events lie within the child's boundaries. For X-based graphics, a copy of
the Graphics Context is made for the child.
Note that the origin of a KPixCanvas is the upper-left corner.
.IP \fIparent\fP 1i
The parent pixel canvas.
.IP \fIxoff\fP 1i
The horizontal offset of the canvas origin (upper-left corner)
relative to the parent pixel canvas.
.IP \fIyoff\fP 1i
The vertical offset of the canvas origin (upper-left corner)
relative to the parent pixel canvas.
.IP \fIwidth\fP 1i
The width (vertical extent) of the canvas.
.IP \fIheight\fP 1i
The height (horizontal extent) of the canvas.
.IP \fIabsorb_events\fP 1i
If TRUE, any events passed from the parent canvas to the
child canvas and consumed by the registered event functions for the child
canvas are consumed from the parent canvas. If FALSE, the child canvas does
not consume events from the parent. Note that the parent events are still
*passed* to the child canvas.
.SH RETURN VALUE
A pixel canvas on success, else NULL.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
