.TH KWIN 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH PACKAGE
kwin \- Manipulate pixel canvases in a device independent way
.SH PURPOSE
These routines are meant to provide a high level mechanism to create and
manipulate pixel canvases. After creating a pixel canvas from some graphics
system primitive object, the canvas may be manipulated without the need to
use the underlying graphics system interface. This renders code much more
portable.
.SH LIBRARY
karmagraphics
.SH LINK WITH
-lkarmagraphics
.SH FUNCTIONS
.IP \fIkwin_create_x\fP 1i
Create a pixel canvas from an X window.
.IP \fIkwin_set_gc_x\fP 1i
Set Graphics Context for an X-based pixel canavas.
.IP \fIkwin_get_gc_x\fP 1i
Get Graphics Context for an X-based pixel canavas.
.IP \fIkwin_create_generic\fP 1i
Create generic pixel canvas.
.IP \fIkwin_create_child\fP 1i
Create a child pixel canvas.
.IP \fIkwin_destroy\fP 1i
Destroy a pixel canvas.
.IP \fIkwin_register_destroy_func\fP 1i
Register destroy callback.
.IP \fIkwin_register_refresh_func\fP 1i
Register a refresh callback.
.IP \fIkwin_register_position_event_func\fP 1i
Register position event callback.
.IP \fIkwin_register_bindings\fP 1i
Register mouse and key binding descriptions with a pixel canvas.
.IP \fIkwin_resize\fP 1i
Resize a pixel canvas.
.IP \fIkwin_refresh_if_visible\fP 1i
Refresh a pixel canvas if it is visible.
.IP \fIkwin_partial_refresh\fP 1i
Perform a partial refresh of a pixel canvas.
.IP \fIkwin_process_position_event\fP 1i
Process position event on a pixel canvas.
.IP \fIkwin_get_attributes\fP 1i
Get the attributes for a pixel canvas.
.IP \fIkwin_set_attributes\fP 1i
Set the attributes for a pixel canvas.
.IP \fIkwin_associate_object\fP 1i
Associate an object with a pixel canvas.
.IP \fIkwin_get_associated_object\fP 1i
Get an associated object for a pixel canvas.
.IP \fIkwin_clear\fP 1i
Clear a rectangular portion of a pixel canvas.
.IP \fIkwin_draw_pc_image\fP 1i
Draw PseudoColour image to a pixel canvas.
.IP \fIkwin_compute_pc_subimage\fP 1i
Compute PseudoColour subimage for a pixel canvas.
.IP \fIkwin_draw_rgb_image\fP 1i
Draw TrueColour image to a pixel canvas.
.IP \fIkwin_draw_cached_image\fP 1i
Draw cached image to a pixel canvas.
.IP \fIkwin_draw_cached_subimages\fP 1i
Draw previously computed cached subimages.
.IP \fIkwin_draw_point\fP 1i
Draw a single point onto a pixel canvas.
.IP \fIkwin_draw_points\fP 1i
Draw multiple points onto a pixel canvas.
.IP \fIkwin_draw_line\fP 1i
Draw a single line onto a pixel canvas.
.IP \fIkwin_draw_lines\fP 1i
Draw multiple connected lines onto a pixel canvas.
.IP \fIkwin_fill_ellipse\fP 1i
Draw a filled ellipse onto a pixel canvas.
.IP \fIkwin_fill_polygon\fP 1i
Draw a filled polygon onto a pixel canvas.
.IP \fIkwin_draw_string\fP 1i
Draw a string onto a pixel canvas.
.IP \fIkwin_draw_rectangle\fP 1i
Draw a single rectangle onto a pixel canvas.
.IP \fIkwin_fill_rectangle\fP 1i
Draw a single filled rectangle onto a pixel canvas.
.IP \fIkwin_draw_arc\fP 1i
Draw an arc onto a pixel canvas.
.IP \fIkwin_draw_ellipse\fP 1i
Draw an ellipse onto a pixel canvas.
.IP \fIkwin_draw_ellipses\fP 1i
Draw multiple ellipses onto a pixel canvas.
.IP \fIkwin_fill_ellipses\fP 1i
Draw multiple filled ellipses onto a pixel canvas.
.IP \fIkwin_draw_segments\fP 1i
Draw multiple disjoint lines onto a pixel canvas.
.IP \fIkwin_get_size\fP 1i
Get the size of a pixel canvas.
.IP \fIkwin_free_cache_data\fP 1i
Free some cache data allocated by <-kwin_draw_pc_image->.
.IP \fIkwin_set_clip_areas\fP 1i
Set the clip areas.
.IP \fIkwin_convert_to_canvas_coord\fP 1i
Convert low-level co-ordinates to pixel co-ordinates.
.IP \fIkwin_convert_from_canvas_coord\fP 1i
Convert pixel co-ordinates to low-level co-ordinates.
.IP \fIkwin_get_colour\fP 1i
Get (possibly allocate) a colourcell for a canvas.
.IP \fIkwin_get_pixel_RGB_values\fP 1i
Get RGB components of pixel values.
.IP \fIkwin_load_font\fP 1i
Load a font for later use.
.IP \fIkwin_get_string_size\fP 1i
Determine the size of a string.
.IP \fIkwin_warp_pointer\fP 1i
Warp the pointer to a new location.
.IP \fIkwin_hershey_get_string\fP 1i
Get string using Hershey (stroke) font for later drawing.
.IP \fIkwin_hershey_draw_string\fP 1i
Draw string using Hershey (stroke) font.
.IP \fIkwin_mem_write_rgb\fP 1i
Refresh a pixel canvas into a memory buffer.
.IP \fIkwin_get_colour_harder\fP 1i
Get (possibly allocate) a colourcell for a canvas.
.IP \fIkwin_open_gl_test_available\fP 1i
Test if the GLX extension is supported for a display.
.IP \fIkwin_open_gl_test_stereo\fP 1i
Test if a particular visual can display stereo.
.IP \fIkwin_write_ps\fP 1i
Refresh a pixel canvas onto a PostScriptPage object.
.IP \fIkwin_ps_generate\fP 1i
Generate PostScript output.
.IP \fIkwin_queue_position_event\fP 1i
Queue a position event on a pixel canvas for possible processing.
.IP \fIkwin_xgl_test_stereo\fP 1i
Test if stereo supported using XGL.
.IP \fIkwin_xgl_create_stereo\fP 1i
Create a stereo pixel canvas using XGL.
.IP \fIkwin_PROTO_refresh_func\fP 1i
Process a refresh event for a pixel canvas.
.IP \fIkwin_PROTO_position_func\fP 1i
Process a position event on a pixel canvas.
.IP \fIkwin_PROTO_destroy_func\fP 1i
Process a destroy event for an object.
.IP \fIkwin_PROTO_iscale_func\fP 1i
Intensity scale function.
.SH TABLE kwin_ATTRIBUTES
List of attributes for KPixCanvas objects

.TS
l l l l
_ _ _ _
l l l l.
Name                      Get Type          Set Type       Meaning

KWIN_ATT_END                                               End of varargs list
KWIN_ATT_VISUAL           unsigned int *                   Visual type
KWIN_ATT_DEPTH            unsigned int *                   Depth of canvas
KWIN_ATT_VISIBLE          flag *            flag           Canvas is visible
KWIN_ATT_FONT             KPixCanvasFont *  KPixCanvasFont Current font
KWIN_ATT_PIX_RED_MASK     unsigned long *                  Red pixel mask
KWIN_ATT_PIX_GREEN_MASK   unsigned long *                  Green pixel mask
KWIN_ATT_PIX_BLUE_MASK    unsigned long *                  Blue pixel mask
KWIN_ATT_IM_RED_MASK      unsigned long *                  Red image mask
KWIN_ATT_IM_GREEN_MASK    unsigned long *                  Green image mask
KWIN_ATT_IM_BLUE_MASK     unsigned long *                  Blue image mask
KWIN_ATT_IM_RED_OFFSET    uaddr *                          Red image offset
KWIN_ATT_IM_GREEN_OFFSET  uaddr *                          Green image offset
KWIN_ATT_IM_BLUE_OFFSET   uaddr *                          Blue image offset
KWIN_ATT_LOWER_HANDLE     void **                          Lower handle
KWIN_ATT_USER_PTR         void **           void *         User pointer
KWIN_ATT_LINEWIDTH        double *          double         Line width in pixels (0.0 = thin)
.TE
.SH TABLE kwin_STRING_ATTRIBUTES
List of attributes for KPixCanvasFont string

.TS
l l l
_ _ _
l l l.
Name                      Get Type          Meaning

KWIN_STRING_END                             End of varargs list
KWIN_STRING_WIDTH         int *             String width
KWIN_STRING_HEIGHT        int *             String height
KWIN_STRING_ASCENT        int *             String ascent
KWIN_STRING_DESCENT       int *             String descent
.TE
.SH TABLE kwin_XGL_STATUS
List of XGL stereo support types

.TS
l l
_ _
l l.
Name                           Meaning

KWIN_XGL_NOT_AVAILABLE         XGL is not supported
KWIN_XGL_STEREO_NOT_AVAILABLE  No stereo display hardware
KWIN_XGL_STEREO_AVAILABLE      Stereo available
.TE
.SH TABLE kwin_ENVIRONMENT
List of environment variables

.TS
l l
_ _
l l.
Variable                     Meaning

KWIN_DISABLE_PIXMAPS              Disable pixmap cache
.TE
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
