.TH KWIN_GET_COLOUR 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
kwin_get_colour \- Get (possibly allocate) a colourcell for a canvas.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_kwin.h>
.sp
.B flag kwin_get_colour
.sp
(KPixCanvas canvas, CONST char *colourname,
unsigned long *pixel_value, unsigned short *red,
unsigned short *green, unsigned short *blue)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Get (possibly allocate) a colourcell for a canvas.
.IP \fIcanvas\fP 1i
The canvas.
.IP \fIcolourname\fP 1i
The name of the colour to get.
.IP \fIpixel_value\fP 1i
The pixel value will be written here.
.IP \fIred\fP 1i
The red intensity in the hardware colourmap for the pixel will be
written here. If this is NULL, nothing is written here.
.IP \fIgreen\fP 1i
The green intensity in the hardware colourmap for the pixel will be
written here. If this is NULL, nothing is written here.
.IP \fIblue\fP 1i
The blue intensity in the hardware colourmap for the pixel will be
written here. If this is NULL, nothing is written here.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE if the colourcell was allocated, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH NOTE
The pixel value is valid ONLY for this canvas. ALSO: the pixel value
becomes invalid EVERY time the canvas is refreshed/ resized. If the canvas
is refreshed/ resized, this routine MUST be called again.
.sp
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
