.TH KWIN_HERSHEY_GET_STRING 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
kwin_hershey_get_string \- Get string using Hershey (stroke) font for later drawing.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_kwin.h>
.sp
.B KPixCanvasHersheyString kwin_hershey_get_string
.sp
(CONST char *string,
double angle, double size,
double *width, double *height,
double *ascent,
double *descent)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Get string using Hershey (stroke) font for later drawing.
.IP \fIangle\fP 1i
The rotation angle of the string in degrees.
.IP \fIsize\fP 1i
The size of the font in pixels (typically 12.8).
.IP \fIwidth\fP 1i
The width of the string in pixels (ignoring rotations) is written
here. If this is NULL nothing is written here.
.IP \fIheight\fP 1i
The height of the string in pixels (ignoring rotations) is written
here. If this is NULL nothing is written here.
.IP \fIascent\fP 1i
The ascent of the string in pixels (ignoring rotations) is written
here. This is typically positive. If this is NULL nothing is written here.
.IP \fIdescent\fP 1i
The descent of the string in pixels (ignoring rotations) is
written here. This is typically negative. If this is NULL nothing is
written here.
.SH RETURN VALUE
A KPixCanvasHersheyString object on success, else NULL. This is
valid until the next call to this function.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
