.TH KWIN_CREATE_GENERIC 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
kwin_create_generic \- Create generic pixel canvas.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_kwin.h>
.sp
.B KPixCanvas kwin_create_generic
.sp
(void *info, int xoff, int yoff,
int width, int height, unsigned int depth,
unsigned int visual, flag visible,
KPixFuncCreateChild create_child,
KPixFuncClearArea clear_area,
KPixFuncDestroy destroy, ...)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will create a pixel canvas. The interface to this
routine is generic. Note that the origin of a KPixCanvas is the upper-left
corner.
.IP \fIinfo\fP 1i
A pointer to canvas specific data.
.IP \fIxoff\fP 1i
The horizontal offset of the canvas origin (upper-left corner)
relative to the parent object.
.IP \fIyoff\fP 1i
The vertical offset of the canvas origin (upper-left corner)
relative to the parent object.
.IP \fIwidth\fP 1i
The width (vertical extent) of the canvas.
.IP \fIheight\fP 1i
The height (horizontal extent) of the canvas.
.IP \fIdepth\fP 1i
The depth (in bits) of the canvas.
.IP \fIvisual\fP 1i
The visual type of the canvas.
.IP \fIvisible\fP 1i
TRUE if the canvas is visible, else FALSE.
.IP \fIcreate_child\fP 1i
The function that is called when a child canvas is created.
.IP \fIclear_area\fP 1i
The function that is called when the canvas is to be cleared.
.IP \fIdestroy\fP 1i
The function that is called when the canvas is destroyed.
.IP \fI...\fP 1i
The optional list of parameter attribute-key attribute-value
pairs must follow. See the header file for details on defined attributes.
This list must be terminated with the value  KWIN_ATT_END  .
.SH RETURN VALUE
A pixel canvas on success, else NULL.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
