.TH KWIN_PS_GENERATE 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
kwin_ps_generate \- Generate PostScript output.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_kwin.h>
.sp
.B void kwin_ps_generate
.sp
(KPixCanvas canvas, CONST char *destination, flag queue,
double hoffset, double voffset,
double hsize, double vsize, unsigned int orientation,
flag eps, double thin_linewidth, unsigned int tray,
flag preserve_aspect, CONST char *media_size)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Generate PostScript output.
.IP \fIcanvas\fP 1i
The pixel canvas to generate PostScript for.
.IP \fIdestination\fP 1i
The name of the file or printer queue to send the output.
.IP \fIqueue\fP 1i
If TRUE, send to a printer queue, else write to a file.
.IP \fIhoffset\fP 1i
The horizontal offset (in centimeters) of the co-ordinate origin.
.IP \fIvoffset\fP 1i
The vertical offset (in centimeters) of the co-ordinate origin.
.IP \fIhsize\fP 1i
The desired horizontal size of the co-ordinate system (in
centimeters).
.IP \fIvsize\fP 1i
The desired vertical size of the co-ordinate system (in
centimeters).
.IP \fIportrait\fP 1i
If TRUE, objects will be drawn in portrait mode (i.e. the x-axis
will be horizontal), else they will be drawn in landscape mode (i.e. the
x-axis will be vertical).
.IP \fIeps\fP 1i
If TRUE the file format will be Encapsulated PostScript, else
regular PostScript is written.
.IP \fIthin_linewidth\fP 1i
The width (in mm) of thin lines.
.IP \fItray\fP 1i
The tray to print to. See <-psw_TRAY_TYPES-> for a list of trays.
.IP \fIpreserve_aspect\fP 1i
If TRUE, the aspect ratio of the canvas is preserved in
the PostScript output (i.e. screen pixels will be square in the PostScript
output), else the canvas is stretched to fill the specified area.
.IP \fImedia_size\fP 1i
The size of the media.
.SH RETURN VALUE
Nothing.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
