.TH KWIN_PROCESS_POSITION_EVENT 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
kwin_process_position_event \- Process position event on a pixel canvas.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_kwin.h>
.sp
.B flag kwin_process_position_event
.sp
(KPixCanvas canvas, int x, int y, flag clip,
unsigned int event_code, void *event_info)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will process (inject) a position event on the lower
level object (parent: i.e. X window) for a pixel canvas. This event is
processed with all position event consumer routines until one successfully
consumes the event.
.IP \fIcanvas\fP 1i
The pixel canvas.
.IP \fIx\fP 1i
The horizontal position of the event, relative to the parent window.
.IP \fIy\fP 1i
The vertical position of the event, relative to the parent window.
.IP \fIclip\fP 1i
If this is TRUE, events outside of the canvas boundary are clipped
to the nearest boundary and passed on to the registered position event
consumers. If this is FALSE, events outside of the canvas boundary are not
consumed (i.e. they are ignored).
.IP \fIevent_code\fP 1i
The arbitrary event code.
.IP \fIevent_info\fP 1i
The arbitrary event information.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE if the event was consumed, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
