.TH KWIN_DRAW_ARC 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
kwin_draw_arc \- Draw an arc onto a pixel canvas.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_kwin.h>
.sp
.B flag kwin_draw_arc
.sp
(KPixCanvas canvas, double cx, double cy,
double rx, double ry, double angle1, double angle2,
double rotation, unsigned long pixel_value, flag fill)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Draw an arc onto a pixel canvas.
.IP \fIcanvas\fP 1i
The canvas.
.IP \fIcx\fP 1i
The horizontal co-ordinate of the centre of the ellipse.
.IP \fIcy\fP 1i
The vertical co-ordinate of the centre of the ellipse.
.IP \fIrx\fP 1i
The horizontal radius.
.IP \fIry\fP 1i
The vertical radius.
.IP \fIangle1\fP 1i
The start of the arc, in units of degrees, relative to +X.
Increasing positive values are anticlockwise.
.IP \fIangle2\fP 1i
The end of the arc, in units of degrees, relative to +X.
Increasing positive values are anticlockwise.
.IP \fIrotation\fP 1i
The rotation of the arc, in degrees. A rotation of 0 degrees
corresponds to (x > 0, y = 0). A rotation of 90 degrees corresponds to
(x = 0, y > 0). In other words, the angle increases anticlockwise from the
right.
.IP \fIpixel_value\fP 1i
The pixel value to use.
.IP \fIfill\fP 1i
If TRUE, the arc is filled, else only the outside is drawn.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE on success, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
