.TH M 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH PACKAGE
m \- Routines to manipulate memory blocks
.SH PURPOSE
These routines are meant to provide a better memory allocation service
than the malloc(3) call. The supplied allocation and deallocation routines
perform periodic checks to see if array boundaries have been overrun.
A set of memory manipulation and error message routines are also provided
in this package.
.SH LIBRARY
karma
.SH LINK WITH
-lkarma
.SH FUNCTIONS
.IP \fIm_test_access\fP 1i
Test if a block of memory is accessible.
.IP \fIm_alloc\fP 1i
Allocate Virtual Memory.
.IP \fIm_alloc_no_checks\fP 1i
Allocate Virtual Memory.
.IP \fIm_free\fP 1i
Free Virtual Memory.
.IP \fIm_abort\fP 1i
Print memory error notification message and abort.
.IP \fIm_verify_memory_integrity\fP 1i
Periodically verify memory integrity.
.IP \fIm_get_total_allocated\fP 1i
Get total number of bytes currently allocated.
.IP \fIm_trap_allocations\fP 1i
Trap memory allocations within a certain range and abort.
.IP \fIm_clear\fP 1i
Clear a block of memory
.IP \fIm_calloc\fP 1i
Allocate Virtual Memory and initialise with zeros.
.IP \fIm_free2\fP 1i
Free Virtual Memory.
.IP \fIm_copy\fP 1i
Copy a block of memory.
.IP \fIm_copy_blocks\fP 1i
Copy multiple blocks of data.
.IP \fIm_copy_and_swap_blocks\fP 1i
Copy and byte-swap multiple blocks of data.
.IP \fIm_fill\fP 1i
Fill memory blocks with a specified value.
.IP \fIm_cmp\fP 1i
Compare two blocks of memory.
.IP \fIm_dup\fP 1i
Duplicate a block of memory into a freshly allocated block.
.IP \fIm_alloc_scratch\fP 1i
Allocate a block of scratch memory.
.IP \fIm_free_scratch\fP 1i
Free the scratch memory.
.IP \fIm_free_and_clear_pointer\fP 1i
Free and clear pointer to a pointer.
.IP \fIm_error_notify\fP 1i
Print memory error notification message.
.IP \fIm_map_fd\fP 1i
Map a file descriptor
.IP \fIm_unmap\fP 1i
Unmap a region of memory.
.IP \fIm_map_test\fP 1i
Test if memory mapping is supported.
.IP \fIm_shm_test_if_available\fP 1i
Test if shared memory available.
.IP \fIm_shm_alloc\fP 1i
Allocate a shared memory segment.
.IP \fIm_shm_delete\fP 1i
Delete a shared memory segment.
.IP \fIm_shm_attach\fP 1i
Attach a shared memory segment to the process address space.
.IP \fIm_shm_detach\fP 1i
Detach a shared memory segment from the process address space.
.SH TABLE m_ENVIRONMENT
List of environment variables

.TS
l l
_ _
l l.
Variable                     Meaning

M_ALLOC_MAX_CHECK_INTERVAL   Interval between consistency checks
M_ALLOC_DEBUG                If TRUE, enable verbose debugging
M_ALLOC_FAST                 If TRUE, skip consistency checks
M_ALLOC_ABORT                If TRUE, memory errors cause an abort
.TE
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
