.TH MODULE_RUN 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
module_run \- Initialise and then run a generic module.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_module.h>
.sp
.B void module_run
.sp
(int argc, char **argv, char *name_string,
char *version_string, flag (*decode_func) (),
int max_incoming, int max_outgoing, flag server)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Initialise and then run a generic module.
.IP \fIargc\fP 1i
The number of command line arguments.
.IP \fIargv\fP 1i
The command line arguments.
.IP \fIname_string\fP 1i
The name of the module.
.IP \fIversion_string\fP 1i
The version date of the module.
.IP \fIdecode_func\fP 1i
The command line decode function. The prototype function is
<-panel_PROTO_decode_func->.
.IP \fImax_incoming\fP 1i
The maximum number of incoming "multi_array" protocol
connections. If this is less than 0, no connections are permitted. If this
is 0, an unlimited number of connections is permitted.
.IP \fImax_outgoing\fP 1i
The maximum number of outgoing "multi_array" protocol
connections. If this is less than 0, no connections are permitted. If this
is 0, an unlimited number of connections is permitted.
.IP \fIserver\fP 1i
If TRUE, the module can operate as a server (for at least one
protocol).
.SH RETURN VALUE
Nothing. Upon return from the function, the module should exit.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
