.TH MT 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH PACKAGE
mt \- Routines to manage a thread pool (MultiThreading support)
.SH PURPOSE
These routines are meant to provide management of a pool of threads which
may execute concurrently.
.SH LIBRARY
karma
.SH LINK WITH
-lkarma
.SH FUNCTIONS
.IP \fImt_create_pool\fP 1i
Create a pool of threads which may have jobs launched onto it.
.IP \fImt_get_shared_pool\fP 1i
Create or get the shared thread pool.
.IP \fImt_destroy_pool\fP 1i
This routine will destroy a thread pool.
.IP \fImt_destroy_all_pools\fP 1i
This routine will destroy all thread pools.
.IP \fImt_num_threads\fP 1i
Get the number of threads in a thread pool.
.IP \fImt_num_processors\fP 1i
Get the number of processors available on the system.
.IP \fImt_launch_job\fP 1i
Launch a job onto a thread pool.
.IP \fImt_setlock\fP 1i
Set a lock on a thread pool.
.IP \fImt_new_thread_info\fP 1i
Register new thread information for the threads in a pool.
.IP \fImt_get_thread_info\fP 1i
Get the thread information pointer for a pool of threads.
.IP \fImt_wait_for_all_jobs\fP 1i
Wait for all previously launched jobs to complete.
.IP \fImt_get_notify_pipe\fP 1i
Create/get the notification pipe.
.IP \fImt_disable_notify_pipe\fP 1i
Disable the notification pipe.
.IP \fImt_PROTO_func\fP 1i
Perform a job.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
