.TH OVERLAY_SET_ACTIVE 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
overlay_set_active \- Set active state for a viewable overlay list controlled refresh.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_overlay.h>
.sp
.B flag overlay_set_active
.sp
(KViewableOverlayList vlist, flag active,
flag force_refresh, flag refresh_if_changed,
flag exclusive, uaddr key)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Set active state for a viewable overlay list controlled refresh.
.IP \fIvlist\fP 1i
The viewable overlay list.
.IP \fIactive\fP 1i
If TRUE, the viewable overlist list is made active, else it is
made inactive.
.IP \fIforce_refresh\fP 1i
If TRUE, the canvas is always refreshed.
.IP \fIrefresh_if_changed\fP 1i
If TRUE, the canvas is refreshed if the viewable
overlay list active state changed.
.IP \fIexclusive\fP 1i
If TRUE and <<active>> is TRUE, make this viewable overlay list
the only active one for this canvas. Other viewable overlay lists for this
canvas will be made inactive.
.IP \fIkey\fP 1i
The key to use for inactivation of other viewable overlay lists. If
this is 0 then all other viewable overlay lists will be made inactive.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE on success, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
