.TH OVERLAY_ARC 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
overlay_arc \- Add a rotated ellipse to an overlay list.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_overlay.h>
.sp
.B unsigned int overlay_arc
.sp
(KOverlayList olist,
unsigned int ctype, double cx, double cy,
unsigned int rtype, double rx, double ry,
double rotation, CONST char *colourname, flag filled)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Add a rotated ellipse to an overlay list.
.IP \fIolist\fP 1i
The overlay list object.
.IP \fIctype\fP 1i
The type of the centre co-ordinate. See
<-overlay_COORDINATE_TYPES-> for a list of supported co-ordinate types.
.IP \fIcx\fP 1i
The horizontal position of the centre co-ordinate.
.IP \fIcy\fP 1i
The vertical position of the centre co-ordinate.
.IP \fIrtype\fP 1i
The type of the radius co-ordinate. See
<-overlay_COORDINATE_TYPES-> for a list of supported co-ordinate types.
.IP \fIrx\fP 1i
The horizontal radius.
.IP \fIry\fP 1i
The vertical radius.
.IP \fIrotation\fP 1i
The rotation of the ellipse in degrees. A rotation of 0 degrees
corresponds to (x > 0, y = 0). A rotation of 90 degrees corresponds to
(x = 0, y > 0). In other words, the angle increases anti-clockwise from the
+ve X axis (if +X is right-going).
.IP \fIcolourname\fP 1i
The colourname.
.IP \fIfilled\fP 1i
If TRUE the ellipse will be filled.
.SH RETURN VALUE
The objectID on success, else 0.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
