.TH OVERLAY_SEGMENTS 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
overlay_segments \- Add many segments to an overlay list.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_overlay.h>
.sp
.B unsigned int overlay_segments
.sp
(KOverlayList olist, unsigned int num_segments,
unsigned int *types0, double *x0, double *y0,
unsigned int *types1, double *x1, double *y1,
CONST char *colourname)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will add a number of disjoint line segments to an
overlay object list. These segments will form a single object. Using this
routine is far more efficient than calling <-overlay_line-> repeatedly.
.IP \fIolist\fP 1i
The overlay list object.
.IP \fInum_segments\fP 1i
The number of segments.
.IP \fItypes0\fP 1i
The types of the start co-ordinates. If this is NULL, all
co-ordinates are assumed to be world co-ordinates. See
<-overlay_COORDINATE_TYPES-> for a list of supported co-ordinate types.
.IP \fIx0\fP 1i
The horizontal positions of the start co-ordinates.
.IP \fIy0\fP 1i
The vertical positions of the start co-ordinates.
.IP \fItypes1\fP 1i
The types of the stop co-ordinates. If this is NULL, all
co-ordinates are assumed to be world co-ordinates. See
<-overlay_COORDINATE_TYPES-> for a list of supported co-ordinate types.
.IP \fIx1\fP 1i
The horizontal positions of the stop co-ordinates.
.IP \fIy1\fP 1i
The vertical positions of the stop co-ordinates.
.IP \fIcolourname\fP 1i
The colour name.
.SH RETURN VALUE
The objectID on success, else 0.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
