.TH OVERLAY 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH PACKAGE
overlay \- Routines to manipulate 2-dimensional (image) overlay objects
.SH PURPOSE
These routines provide a simple interface to the recursive,
heirarchical data structure supported in Karma, to define 2-dimensional
(image) overlay objects. In addition, all the mechanics for drawing onto
world canvases (see the <-canvas-> package) is supplied automatically.
.SH LIBRARY
karmagraphics
.SH LINK WITH
-lkarmagraphics
.SH FUNCTIONS
.IP \fIoverlay_va_create_list\fP 1i
Create a managed overlay object list.
.IP \fIoverlay_destroy_list\fP 1i
Destroy an overlay list.
.IP \fIoverlay_prepare_for_slavery\fP 1i
Allow an overlay list to be slaved.
.IP \fIoverlay_specify_iarray_2d\fP 1i
Extract specifications from an Intelligent Array.
.IP \fIoverlay_specify_canvas\fP 1i
Extract specification from a world canvas.
.IP \fIoverlay_create_viewable\fP 1i
Create a viewable overlay list.
.IP \fIoverlay_set_active\fP 1i
Set active state for a viewable overlay list controlled refresh.
.IP \fIoverlay_set_all_inactive\fP 1i
Clear active state all viewable overlay lists controlled refresh.
.IP \fIoverlay_destroy_viewable\fP 1i
Destroy a viewable overlay list.
.IP \fIoverlay_redraw_on_canvas\fP 1i
Redraw an overlay list onto a world canvas.
.IP \fIoverlay_set_canvas_attributes\fP 1i
Set the canvas attributes for overlay list display.
.IP \fIoverlay_line\fP 1i
Add a line to an overlay object list. See also <-overlay_lines->.
.IP \fIoverlay_lines\fP 1i
Add many lines to an overlay list.
.IP \fIoverlay_text\fP 1i
Add a text string to an overlay object list.
.IP \fIoverlay_ellipse\fP 1i
Add an ellipse to an overlay list. See also <-overlay_ellipses->
.IP \fIoverlay_arc\fP 1i
Add a rotated ellipse to an overlay list.
.IP \fIoverlay_filled_polygon\fP 1i
Add a filled polygon to an overlay object list.
.IP \fIoverlay_vector\fP 1i
Add a vector to an overlay list.
.IP \fIoverlay_ellipses\fP 1i
Add many ellipses to an overlay list.
.IP \fIoverlay_segments\fP 1i
Add many segments to an overlay list.
.IP \fIoverlay_vectors\fP 1i
Add many vectors to an overlay list.
.IP \fIoverlay_remove_objects\fP 1i
Remove objects from the end of an overlay object list.
.IP \fIoverlay_remove_object\fP 1i
Remove one object from an overlay object list.
.IP \fIoverlay_move_object\fP 1i
Move a object in an overlay object list.
.IP \fIoverlay_get_num_coords\fP 1i
Get the number of co-ordinates in an overlay object.
.IP \fIoverlay_get_coords\fP 1i
Get the co-ordinates for an overlay object.
.IP \fIoverlay_have_token\fP 1i
Test if an overay list has the token.
.IP \fIoverlay_release_token\fP 1i
Release the token to the master.
.IP \fIoverlay_read_karma\fP 1i
Read overlay instructions from a Karma file.
.IP \fIoverlay_write_karma\fP 1i
Write overlay instructions to a Karma file.
.IP \fIoverlay_read_ascii\fP 1i
Read overlay instructions from an ASCII file.
.SH TABLE overlay_CANVAS_ATTRIBUTES
List of overlay attributes for KWorldCanvas objects

.TS
l l l l
_ _ _ _
l l l l.
Name                         Get Type       Set Type      Meaning

OVERLAY_CANVAS_ATT_END                                    End of varargs list
OVERLAY_CANVAS_ATT_CROP      flag *         flag          Crop out-of-bounds objects
.TE
.SH TABLE overlay_COORDINATE_TYPES
List of co-ordinate types

.TS
l l
_ _
l l.
Name                    Meaning

OVERLAY_COORD_PIXEL     Screen pixel co-ordinates
OVERLAY_COORD_RELATIVE  Relative to a unit canvas (0,0) to (1,1)
OVERLAY_COORD_WORLD     True world co-ordinates
OVERLAY_COORD_LAST      Use last co-ordinate instead
OVERLAY_COORD_LINEAR    Canvas linear co-ordinates
.TE
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
