.TH OVERLAY_GET_COORDS 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
overlay_get_coords \- Get the co-ordinates for an overlay object.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_overlay.h>
.sp
.B flag overlay_get_coords
.sp
(KOverlayList olist, unsigned int id_in_list,
unsigned int list_id, double *x, double *y,
unsigned int *types)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Get the co-ordinates for an overlay object.
.IP \fIolist\fP 1i
The overlay list object.
.IP \fIid_in_list\fP 1i
The object ID. This ID refers to an object created by a
particular list master or slave.
.IP \fIlist_id\fP 1i
The ID of the list which created the object. If this is 0, the
list given by <<olist>> is assumed.
.IP \fIx\fP 1i
The horizontal co-ordinates are written here. This must have enough
space to contain all the values that will be written. The function
<-overlay_get_num_coords-> may be used to determine the required space. If
this is NULL, nothing is written here.
.IP \fIy\fP 1i
The vertical co-ordinates are written here. This must have enough
space to contain all the values that will be written. The function
<-overlay_get_num_coords-> may be used to determine the required space. If
this is NULL, nothing is written here.
.IP \fItypes\fP 1i
The co-ordinate types are written here. This must have enough
space to contain all the values that will be written. The function
<-overlay_get_num_coords-> may be used to determine the required space. If
this is NULL, nothing is written here.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE on success, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
