.TH OVERLAY_VECTORS 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
overlay_vectors \- Add many vectors to an overlay list.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_overlay.h>
.sp
.B unsigned int overlay_vectors
.sp
(KOverlayList olist, unsigned int num_vectors,
unsigned int *stypes, double *sx, double *sy,
unsigned int *dtypes, double *dx, double *dy,
CONST char *colourname)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will add a number of vectors (directed lines) to an
overlay object list. These vectors will form a single object. Using this
routine is far more efficient than calling <-overlay_vector-> repeatedly.
.IP \fIolist\fP 1i
The overlay list object.
.IP \fInum_vectors\fP 1i
The number of vectors.
.IP \fIstypes\fP 1i
The types of the start co-ordinates. If this is NULL, all
co-ordinates are assumed to be world co-ordinates. See
<-overlay_COORDINATE_TYPES-> for a list of supported co-ordinate types.
.IP \fIsx\fP 1i
The horizontal positions of the start co-ordinates.
.IP \fIsy\fP 1i
The vertical positions of the start co-ordinates.
.IP \fIdtypes\fP 1i
The types of the vector directions. If this is NULL, all
directions are assumed to be in world co-ordinates. See
<-overlay_COORDINATE_TYPES-> for a list of supported co-ordinate types.
.IP \fIdx\fP 1i
The horizontal vector directions.
.IP \fIdy\fP 1i
The vertical vector directions.
.IP \fIcolourname\fP 1i
The colour name.
.SH RETURN VALUE
The objectID on success, else 0.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
