.TH OVERLAY_ELLIPSES 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
overlay_ellipses \- Add many ellipses to an overlay list.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_overlay.h>
.sp
.B unsigned int overlay_ellipses
.sp
(KOverlayList olist, unsigned int num_ellipses,
unsigned int *ctypes, double *cx, double *cy,
unsigned int *rtypes, double *rx, double *ry,
CONST char *colourname, flag filled)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will add a number of ellipses to an overlay object
list. These ellipses will form a single object. Using this routine is far
more efficient than calling <-overlay_ellipse-> repeatedly.
.IP \fIolist\fP 1i
The overlay list object.
.IP \fInum_ellipses\fP 1i
The number of ellipses.
.IP \fIctypes\fP 1i
The types of the centre co-ordinates. If this is NULL, all
co-ordinates are assumed to be world co-ordinates. See
<-overlay_COORDINATE_TYPES-> for a list of supported co-ordinate types.
.IP \fIcx\fP 1i
The horizontal positions of the centre co-ordinates.
.IP \fIcy\fP 1i
The vertical positions of the centre co-ordinates.
.IP \fIrtypes\fP 1i
The types of the radii co-ordinates. If this is NULL, all
co-ordinates are assumed to be world co-ordinates. See
<-overlay_COORDINATE_TYPES-> for a list of supported co-ordinate types.
.IP \fIrx\fP 1i
The horizontal radii.
.IP \fIry\fP 1i
The vertical radii.
.IP \fIcolourname\fP 1i
The colour name.
.IP \fIfilled\fP 1i
If TRUE the ellipses will be filled.
.SH RETURN VALUE
The objectID on success, else 0.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
