.TH P 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH PACKAGE
p \- Low level routines to convert data
.SH PURPOSE
These routines are meant to provide a low level means of converting C data
types to the "network" data format (ie. big endian, IEEE 754).
These are memory to memory routines only. Although they are made public,
their use is NOT recommended.
When reading or writing raw data from and to files or connections, the
<-pio-> routines are suggested.
.SH LIBRARY
karma
.SH LINK WITH
-lkarma
.SH FUNCTIONS
.IP \fIp_write_buf_float\fP 1i
Write a floating point number to a buffer.
.IP \fIp_write_buf_float_trap\fP 1i
Write a floating point number to a buffer, trapping blanks.
.IP \fIp_read_buf_float\fP 1i
Read a floating point number from a buffer.
.IP \fIp_read_buf_floats\fP 1i
Read floating point data from a buffer, trapping NaNs.
.IP \fIp_write_buf_double\fP 1i
Write a double precision floating point number to a buffer.
.IP \fIp_write_buf_double_trap\fP 1i
Write a dfloating point number to a buffer, trapping blanks.
.IP \fIp_read_buf_double\fP 1i
Read a double precision floating point number from a buffer.
.IP \fIp_read_buf_doubles\fP 1i
Read double floating point data from a buffer, trapping NaNs.
.IP \fIp_write_buf16s\fP 1i
Write 16 bits of signed data to a buffer,
.IP \fIp_read_buf16s\fP 1i
Read 16 bits of signed data from a buffer.
.IP \fIp_write_buf32s\fP 1i
Write 32 bits of signed data to a buffer,
.IP \fIp_read_buf32s\fP 1i
Read 32 bits of signed data from a buffer.
.IP \fIp_write_buf16\fP 1i
Write 16 bits of unsigned data to a buffer,
.IP \fIp_read_buf16\fP 1i
Read 16 bits of unsigned data from a buffer.
.IP \fIp_write_buf32\fP 1i
Write 32 bits of unsigned data to a buffer,
.IP \fIp_read_buf32\fP 1i
Read 32 bits of unsigned data from a buffer.
.IP \fIp_write_buf64\fP 1i
Write 64 bits of data to a buffer.
.IP \fIp_read_buf64\fP 1i
Read 64 bits of signed data from a buffer.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
