.TH PANEL 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH PACKAGE
panel \- Routines to manipulate control panels (user interface code)
.SH PURPOSE
These routines are meant to provide high level definition and processing of
command lines.
.SH LIBRARY
karma
.SH LINK WITH
-lkarma
.SH FUNCTIONS
.IP \fIpanel_create\fP 1i
Create a control panel object.
.IP \fIpanel_create_group\fP 1i
Create a panel to contain a group.
.IP \fIpanel_add_item\fP 1i
Add an item to a panel.
.IP \fIpanel_push_onto_stack\fP 1i
Push a control panel object onto the control panel stack.
.IP \fIpanel_pop_from_stack\fP 1i
Pop last pushed control panel object from control panel stack.
.IP \fIpanel_process_command_with_stack\fP 1i
Process a command.
.IP \fIpanel_put_history_with_stack\fP 1i
Put history into Karma multi_array structure.
.IP \fIpanel_set_extra_comment_string\fP 1i
Set the extra comment string for a panel.
.IP \fIpanel_item_register_callback\fP 1i
Register a function to be called when a panel item changes.
.IP \fIpanel_PROTO_decode_func\fP 1i
Command line decode callback.
.IP \fIpanel_PROTO_change_func\fP 1i
Item change callback.
.SH TABLE panel_ATTRIBUTES
List of attributes for panel item objects

.TS
l l l
_ _ _
l l l.
Name                    Type            Meaning

PIA_END                                 End of varargs list
PIA_NUM_CHOICE_STRINGS  unsigned int    Number of choice strings
PIA_CHOICE_STRINGS      char **         Choice strings
PIA_ARRAY_LENGTH        unsigned int *  Current array length
PIA_ARRAY_MIN_LENGTH    unsigned int    Minimum array length
PIA_ARRAY_MAX_LENGTH    unsigned int    Maximum array length
PIA_CHOICE_COMMENTS     char **         Choice string comments
PIA_MIN_VALUE           double          Minimum value
PIA_MAX_VALUE           double          Maximum value
PIA_TOP_OF_PANEL        flag            Place item at top of panel
.TE
.SH TABLE panel_ITEM_TYPES
List of Karma data types

.TS
l l l
_ _ _
l l l.
Name              value_ptr type     Meaning

PIT_FUNCTION      void (*) (char *)  Execute function
PIT_EXIT_FORM                        Exit form
PIT_FLAG          flag *             Flag type
PIT_CHOICE_INDEX  unsigned int *     Choice index (requires:
                                     PIA_NUM_CHOICE_STRINGS and
                                     PIA_CHOICE_STRINGS)
PIT_GROUP         KControlPanel      Group item
.TE
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
