.TH PANEL_ITEM_REGISTER_CALLBACK 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
panel_item_register_callback \- Register a function to be called when a panel item changes.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_panel.h>
.sp
.B KCallbackFunc panel_item_register_callback
.sp
(KPanelItem item, void (*func) (),
void *info)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Register a function to be called when a panel item changes.
.IP \fIitem\fP 1i
The panel item.
.IP \fIfunc\fP 1i
The function to be called when the panel item changes. The prototype
function is <panel_PROTO_change_func>.
.IP \fIinfo\fP 1i
An arbitrary information pointer to pass to <<func>>.
.SH RETURN VALUE
A KCallbackFunc object on success, which may be passed to
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.IP \fIc_unregister_callback\fP 1i
. On failure NULL is returned.
*/
{
static char function_name[] = "panel_item_register_callback";
VERIFY_PANELITEM (item);
return c_register_callback (&item->change_list, ( flag (*) () ) func, item,
info, TRUE, NULL, FALSE, FALSE);
}   /*  End Function panel_item_register_callback  */
/*  Temporary private functions follow (will probably be made public later)  */
static flag _panel_process_command (KControlPanel panel, CONST char *cmd,
flag (*unknown_func) (), FILE *fp)
/*  [PURPOSE] This routine will process a command, using a given control panel.
.IP \fIpanel\fP 1i
The control panel.
.IP \fIcmd\fP 1i
The command.
.IP \fIunknown_func\fP 1i
The function that is called when the command is not
understood. If this is NULL, then a message is displayed if the command is
not understood. The prototype function is <-panel_PROTO_decode_func->.
.IP \fIfp\fP 1i
Output messages are directed here.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE if more commands should be processed, else FALSE, indicating
that the control panel's "exit" command was entered.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
