.TH PIO 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH PACKAGE
pio \- Routines to convert and transfer host data to channel objects
.SH PURPOSE
These routines are meant to provide a high level means of converting C data
types to the "network" data format (ie. big endian, IEEE 754).
These routines transfer data between host memory and files/ connections.
These routines are NOT recommended as a means to transfer the recursive,
heirarchical data structure supported in Karma, use the <-dsxfr-> routines
instead.
.SH LIBRARY
karma
.SH LINK WITH
-lkarma
.SH FUNCTIONS
.IP \fIpio_write64\fP 1i
Write a 64 bit integer to a channel object.
.IP \fIpio_read64\fP 1i
Read a 64 bit integer from a channel object.
.IP \fIpio_le_read64\fP 1i
Read a 64 bit little-endian integer from a channel object.
.IP \fIpio_write32\fP 1i
Write a 32 bit integer to a channel object.
.IP \fIpio_read32\fP 1i
Read a 32 bit integer from a channel object.
.IP \fIpio_le_read32\fP 1i
Read a 32 bit little-endian integer from a channel object.
.IP \fIpio_write16\fP 1i
Write a 16 bit integer to a channel object.
.IP \fIpio_read16\fP 1i
Read a 16 bit integer from a channel object.
.IP \fIpio_le_read16\fP 1i
Read a 16 bit little-endian integer from a channel object.
.IP \fIpio_write_float\fP 1i
Write a floating point number to a channel object.
.IP \fIpio_write_float_trap\fP 1i
Write a floating point data to a channel object, trapping blanks.
.IP \fIpio_read_float\fP 1i
Read a floating point number from a channel object.
.IP \fIpio_le_read_float\fP 1i
Read a little-endian floating point number from a channel object.
.IP \fIpio_read_float_nantrap\fP 1i
Read floating point data from a channel object, trapping NaNs.
.IP \fIpio_read_floats\fP 1i
Read floating point data from a channel object, trapping NaNs.
.IP \fIpio_le_read_floats\fP 1i
Read floating point data from a channel object, trapping NaNs.
.IP \fIpio_write_double\fP 1i
Write double precision floating point data to a channel object.
.IP \fIpio_write_double_trap\fP 1i
Write double precision floating point data to a channel object.
.IP \fIpio_read_double\fP 1i
Read double precision floating point data from a channel object.
.IP \fIpio_le_read_double\fP 1i
Read double precision floating point data from a channel object.
.IP \fIpio_read_double_nantrap\fP 1i
Read floating point data from a channel object, trapping NaNs.
.IP \fIpio_read_doubles\fP 1i
Read double float data from a channel object, trapping NaNs.
.IP \fIpio_le_read_doubles\fP 1i
Read double float data from a channel object, trapping NaNs.
.IP \fIpio_write32s\fP 1i
Write a 32 bit signed integer to a channel object.
.IP \fIpio_read32s\fP 1i
Read a 32 bit signed integer from a channel object.
.IP \fIpio_le_read32s\fP 1i
Read a 32 bit little-endian signed integer from a channel object.
.IP \fIpio_write16s\fP 1i
Write a 16 bit signed integer to a channel object.
.IP \fIpio_read16s\fP 1i
Read a 16 bit signed integer from a channel object.
.IP \fIpio_le_read16s\fP 1i
Read a 16 bit little-endian signed integer from a channel object.
.IP \fIpio_write_swap\fP 1i
Swap and write bytes to a channel object.
.IP \fIpio_read_swap\fP 1i
Read from a channel object and swap bytes.
.IP \fIpio_write_string\fP 1i
Write a string to a channel object.
.IP \fIpio_read_string\fP 1i
Read a string from a channel object.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
