.TH PSW 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH PACKAGE
psw \- Routines to write PostScript
.SH PURPOSE
These routines provide PostScript generation facilities.
.SH LIBRARY
karma
.SH LINK WITH
-lkarma
.SH FUNCTIONS
.IP \fIpsw_va_create\fP 1i
Create a PostScriptPage object.
.IP \fIpsw_mono_image\fP 1i
Write a monochrome image to a PostScriptPage object.
.IP \fIpsw_pseudocolour_image\fP 1i
Write a pseudocolour image to a PostScriptPage object.
.IP \fIpsw_rgb_image\fP 1i
Write a truecolour image to a PostScriptPage object.
.IP \fIpsw_directcolour_image\fP 1i
Write a directcolour image to a PostScriptPage object.
.IP \fIpsw_close\fP 1i
Close a PostScriptPage object.
.IP \fIpsw_rgb_line\fP 1i
Write a colour line to a PostScriptPage object.
.IP \fIpsw_rgb_polygon\fP 1i
Write a colour polygon to a PostScriptPage object.
.IP \fIpsw_rgb_arc\fP 1i
Write a colour arc to a PostScriptPage object.
.IP \fIpsw_rgb_ellipse\fP 1i
Write a colour ellipse to a PostScriptPage object.
.IP \fIpsw_rgb_text\fP 1i
Write a colour string to a PostScriptPage object.
.IP \fIpsw_set_attributes\fP 1i
Set the attributes for a PostScriptPage object.
.IP \fIpsw_get_media_size\fP 1i
Get size of a known media type.
.IP \fIpsw_set_clip_areas\fP 1i
Set the clip areas.
.SH TABLE psw_ATTRIBUTES
List of attributes for PostScriptPage object

.TS
l l l
_ _ _
l l l.
Name                       Type         Meaning

PSW_ATT_END                             End of varargs list
PSW_ATT_LINEWIDTH_MM       double       Linewidth in mm
PSW_ATT_LINEWIDTH_RELATIVE double       Linewidth scaled to page size
PSW_ATT_THIN_LINEWIDTH_MM  double       Width of thin lines in mm
PSW_ATT_TRAY               unsigned int Tray type, see <-psw_TRAY_TYPES->
.TE
.SH TABLE psw_TRAY_TYPES
List of PostScript tray types

.TS
l l
_ _
l l.
Name                       Meaning

PSW_TRAY_DEFAULT           The default tray
PSW_TRAY_PAPER             The paper tray
PSW_ATT_TRAY_TRANSPARENCY  The transparency tray
.TE
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
