.TH PSW_VA_CREATE 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
psw_va_create \- Create a PostScriptPage object.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_psw.h>
.sp
.B PostScriptPage psw_va_create
.sp
(Channel channel, double hoffset, double voffset,
double hsize, double vsize, flag portrait,
flag eps, ...)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will create a PostScriptPage object ready for
writing PostScript commands to. The routine automatically writes the
PostScript header.
.IP \fIchannel\fP 1i
The channel to write to.
.IP \fIhoffset\fP 1i
The horizontal offset (in centimeters) of the co-ordinate origin.
.IP \fIvoffset\fP 1i
The vertical offset (in centimeters) of the co-ordinate origin.
.IP \fIhsize\fP 1i
The desired horizontal size of the co-ordinate system (in
centimeters).
.IP \fIvsize\fP 1i
The desired vertical size of the co-ordinate system (in
centimeters).
.IP \fIportrait\fP 1i
If TRUE, objects will be drawn in portrait mode (i.e. the x-axis
will be horizontal), else they will be drawn in landscape mode (i.e. the
x-axis will be vertical).
.IP \fIeps\fP 1i
If TRUE the file format will be Encapsulated PostScript, else
regular PostScript is written.
.IP \fI...\fP 1i
The optional list of parameter attribute-key attribute-value
pairs must follow. This list must be terminated with the value
PSW_ATT_END. See <-psw_ATTRIBUTES-> for a list of defined attributes.
.SH RETURN VALUE
A PostScriptPage object on success, else NULL
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH NOTE
All subsequent objects drawn must lie in the range (0.0, 0.0) to
(1.0, 1.0)
.sp
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
