.TH PSW_RGB_TEXT 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
psw_rgb_text \- Write a colour string to a PostScriptPage object.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_psw.h>
.sp
.B flag psw_rgb_text
.sp
(PostScriptPage pspage, double red, double green,double blue,
CONST char *string, CONST char *fontname,
unsigned int fontsize,
double xstart, double ystart, double angle)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Write a colour string to a PostScriptPage object.
.IP \fIpspage\fP 1i
The PostScriptPage object.
.IP \fIred\fP 1i
The red component value. The range is: 0.0 (dark) to 1.0 (light)
.IP \fIgreen\fP 1i
The green component value. The range is: 0.0 (dark) to 1.0 (light)
.IP \fIblue\fP 1i
The blue component value. The range is: 0.0 (dark) to 1.0 (light)
.IP \fIstring\fP 1i
The string.
.IP \fIfontname\fP 1i
The fontname to use. If this is NULL, the default font will be
used.
.IP \fIfontsize\fP 1i
The size of the font (in millimeters).
.IP \fIxstart\fP 1i
The x starting point (scaled from 0.0 to 1.0).
.IP \fIystart\fP 1i
The y starting point (scaled from 0.0 to 1.0).
.IP \fIangle\fP 1i
The angle to rotate the text through (in degrees). Positive angles
rotate counter-clockwise from horizontal.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE on success, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
