.TH PSW_RGB_ELLIPSE 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
psw_rgb_ellipse \- Write a colour ellipse to a PostScriptPage object.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_psw.h>
.sp
.B flag psw_rgb_ellipse
.sp
(PostScriptPage pspage,
double red, double green, double blue,
double cx, double cy, double rx, double ry, flag fill)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Write a colour ellipse to a PostScriptPage object.
.IP \fIpspage\fP 1i
The PostScriptPage object.
.IP \fIred\fP 1i
The red component value. The range is: 0.0 (dark) to 1.0 (light)
.IP \fIgreen\fP 1i
The green component value. The range is: 0.0 (dark) to 1.0 (light)
.IP \fIblue\fP 1i
The blue component value. The range is: 0.0 (dark) to 1.0 (light)
.IP \fIcx\fP 1i
The x centre. This is scaled from 0.0 to 1.0
.IP \fIcy\fP 1i
The y centre. This is scaled from 0.0 to 1.0
.IP \fIrx\fP 1i
The x radius. This is scaled from 0.0 to 1.0. If this is 0.0, then
half of the thin linewidth value is used instead.
.IP \fIry\fP 1i
The y radius. This is scaled from 0.0 to 1.0. If this is 0.0, then
half of the thin linewidth value is used instead.
.IP \fIfill\fP 1i
If TRUE, the ellipse is filled.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE on success, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
