.TH PSW_PSEUDOCOLOUR_IMAGE 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
psw_pseudocolour_image \- Write a pseudocolour image to a PostScriptPage object.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_psw.h>
.sp
.B flag psw_pseudocolour_image
.sp
(PostScriptPage pspage, CONST unsigned char *image,
unsigned int xlen, unsigned int ylen,
CONST uaddr *xoffsets, CONST uaddr *yoffsets,
CONST unsigned char imap_red[256],
CONST unsigned char imap_green[256],
CONST unsigned char imap_blue[256],
double xstart, double ystart,
double xend, double yend)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Write a pseudocolour image to a PostScriptPage object.
.IP \fIpspage\fP 1i
The PostScriptPage object.
.IP \fIimage\fP 1i
The image.
.IP \fIxlen\fP 1i
The horizontal size of the image (in pixels).
.IP \fIylen\fP 1i
The vertical size of the image (in pixels).
.IP \fIxoffsets\fP 1i
The horizontal offset array. If this is NULL, the image data is
assumed to be contiguous in memory.
.IP \fIyoffsets\fP 1i
The vertical offset array. If this is NULL, the image data is
assumed to be contiguous in memory.
.IP \fIimap_red\fP 1i
The red component colourmap entries.
.IP \fIimap_green\fP 1i
The green component colourmap entries.
.IP \fIimap_blue\fP 1i
The blue component colourmap entries.
.IP \fIxstart\fP 1i
The x starting point (scaled from 0.0 to 1.0).
.IP \fIystart\fP 1i
The y starting point (scaled from 0.0 to 1.0).
.IP \fIxend\fP 1i
The x ending point (scaled from 0.0 to 1.0).
.IP \fIyend\fP 1i
The y ending point (scaled from 0.0 to 1.0).
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE on success, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
