.TH PSW_RGB_ARC 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
psw_rgb_arc \- Write a colour arc to a PostScriptPage object.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_psw.h>
.sp
.B flag psw_rgb_arc
.sp
(PostScriptPage pspage,
double red, double green, double blue,
double cx, double cy,
double rx, double ry, double angle1, double angle2,
double rotation, flag fill)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Write a colour arc to a PostScriptPage object.
.IP \fIpspage\fP 1i
The PostScriptPage object.
.IP \fIred\fP 1i
The red component value. The range is: 0.0 (dark) to 1.0 (light)
.IP \fIgreen\fP 1i
The green component value. The range is: 0.0 (dark) to 1.0 (light)
.IP \fIblue\fP 1i
The blue component value. The range is: 0.0 (dark) to 1.0 (light)
.IP \fIcx\fP 1i
The x centre. This is scaled from 0.0 to 1.0
.IP \fIcy\fP 1i
The y centre. This is scaled from 0.0 to 1.0
.IP \fIrx\fP 1i
The x radius. This is scaled from 0.0 to 1.0
.IP \fIry\fP 1i
The y radius. This is scaled from 0.0 to 1.0
.IP \fIangle1\fP 1i
The start of the arc, in units of degrees, relative to +X.
Increasing positive values are anticlockwise.
.IP \fIangle2\fP 1i
The end of the arc, in units of degrees, relative to +X.
Increasing positive values are anticlockwise.
.IP \fIrotation\fP 1i
The rotation of the arc, in degrees. A rotation of 0 degrees
corresponds to (x > 0, y = 0). A rotation of 90 degrees corresponds to
(x = 0, y > 0). In other words, the angle increases anticlockwise from the
right.
.IP \fIfill\fP 1i
If TRUE, the ellipse is filled.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE on success, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
