.TH R 3 "24 Dec 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH PACKAGE
r \- Low level connection routines
.SH PURPOSE
These routines are meant to provide a low level mechanism to create and
accept connections. Although these routines are made public, their use is
NOT recommended. The <-conn-> package is the suggested means to create and
accept connections.
.SH LIBRARY
karma
.SH LINK WITH
-lkarma
.SH FUNCTIONS
.IP \fIr_check_file_variants\fP 1i
Test for variants of a filename.
.IP \fIr_fork_and_execvp\fP 1i
Fork and exec a process in a virtual memory efficient way.
.IP \fIr_alloc_port\fP 1i
Allocate a Karma port whic can receive connections.
.IP \fIr_close_dock\fP 1i
Close a dock.
.IP \fIr_connect_to_port\fP 1i
Make a connection to a Karma port on some machine.
.IP \fIr_udp_alloc\fP 1i
Create a UDP socket and bind to a random port number.
.IP \fIr_accept_connection_on_dock\fP 1i
Accept a connection on a dock.
.IP \fIr_close_connection\fP 1i
Close a connection.
.IP \fIr_get_bytes_readable\fP 1i
Get bytes readable on a connection.
.IP \fIr_get_inet_addr_from_host\fP 1i
Get the first listed Internet address of a hostname.
.IP \fIr_read\fP 1i
Read bytes from a file descriptor.
.IP \fIr_write\fP 1i
Write bytes to a file descriptor.
.IP \fIr_test_input_event\fP 1i
Test for activity on a connection.
.IP \fIr_open_stdin\fP 1i
Open the standard input.
.IP \fIr_open_stdin2\fP 1i
Open the standard input.
.IP \fIr_getenv\fP 1i
Get the value of an environment variable.
.IP \fIr_setenv\fP 1i
Set an environment variable.
.IP \fIr_gethostname\fP 1i
This routine will determine the local hostname.
.IP \fIr_get_fq_hostname\fP 1i
This routine will get the fully qualified local hostname.
.IP \fIr_getppid\fP 1i
Get the parent process ID.
.IP \fIr_open_file\fP 1i
Open a named file.
.IP \fIr_create_pipe\fP 1i
Create an un-named pipe.
.IP \fIr_create_socketpair\fP 1i
Create an un-named pair of connected sockets.
.IP \fIr_get_fd_filetype\fP 1i
Get filetype for a descriptor.
.IP \fIr_gethostbyaddr\fP 1i
Get hostname from Internet Address.
.IP \fIr_set_nodelay\fP 1i
Set the no-delay flag for a descriptor if appropriate.
.IP \fIr_create_exclusive_file\fP 1i
Exclusively create a file (typically for locking purposes).
.IP \fIr_set_file_lock\fP 1i
Grab or release the lock on a file.
.IP \fIr_send_fd\fP 1i
Send a file descriptor over a connection.
.IP \fIr_recv_fd\fP 1i
Receive a file descriptor over a connection.
.IP \fIr_get_karmabase\fP 1i
Get the pathname of the installed runtime Karma.
.IP \fIr_get_service_number\fP 1i
Get service number for a module.
.IP \fIr_get_host_from_display\fP 1i
Get the hostname in a display string.
.IP \fIr_get_display_num_from_display\fP 1i
Get display number from a display string.
.IP \fIr_get_screen_num_from_display\fP 1i
Get the screen number in a display string.
.IP \fIr_get_def_port\fP 1i
Get the default Karma port number for a module.
.SH TABLE r_FILE_TYPES
List of defined file types

.TS
l l
_ _
l l.
Type                            Meaning

KFTYPE_DISC                     Disc (regular file)
KFTYPE_CHARACTER                Character device
KFTYPE_FIFO                     FIFO (pipe)
KFTYPE_UNIX_CONNECTION          Unix connection
KFTYPE_LOCAL_tcpIP_CONNECTION   TCP/IP connection to local host
KFTYPE_REMOTE_tcpIP_CONNECTION  TCP/IP connection to remote host
KFTYPE_DIRECTORY                Directory
KFTYPE_BLOCK                    Block device
KFTYPE_SOCKET                   Socket
KFTYPE_DANGLING_SYMLINK         Dangling symbolic link
.TE
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
