.TH R_FORK_AND_EXECVP 3 "24 Dec 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
r_fork_and_execvp \- Fork and exec a process in a virtual memory efficient way.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_r.h>
.sp
.B pid_t r_fork_and_execvp
.sp
(int stdin_fd, int stdout_fd, int stderr_fd,
unsigned int num_close_fds, int *close_fds,
CONST char *file, char *CONST *argv, int *waitflags)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This function will fork and exec a new process in such as way as
to minimise virtual memory consumption. The traditional use of fork(2) can
consume large amounts of virtual memory under many operating systems (such
as Solaris and IRIX), especially when the calling process has large arrays
allocated. Some operating systems provide the vfork(2) call to work around
this, but vfork(2) is not always available and may in fact not provide the
Berkely vfork(2) semantics which preserved virtual memory. This function
will make use of whatever Operating System specific functions are available
in order to obtain the desired effect.
.IP \fIstdin_fd\fP 1i
The file descriptor which should become the standard input for
the child process.
.IP \fIstdout_fd\fP 1i
The file descriptor which should become the standard output for
the child process.
.IP \fIstderr_fd\fP 1i
The file descriptor which should become the standard error
output for the child process.
.IP \fInum_close_fds\fP 1i
The number of file descriptors to close in the child.
.IP \fIclose_fds\fP 1i
The array of file descriptors to close in the child.
.IP \fIfile\fP 1i
The file to execvp(3).
.IP \fIargv\fP 1i
The command-line arguments to pass to execvp(3).
.IP \fIwaitflags\fP 1i
Special flags to pass to waitpid(2) are written here. If this
is NULL, the function will wait for the child process to terminate.
.SH RETURN VALUE
The child process ID on success, else -1.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
