.TH R_OPEN_FILE 3 "24 Dec 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
r_open_file \- Open a named file.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_r.h>
.sp
.B int r_open_file
.sp
(CONST char *filename, int flags, int mode,
unsigned int *filetype, unsigned int *blocksize)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will open a file. The file may be a regular disc
file, a named FIFO, a character special device, a Unix domain socket or a
TCP/IP connection (where supported). This routine provides an enhanced
interface to the <<open(2)>>, <<socket(2)>> and <<connect(2)>> routines.
.IP \fIfilename\fP 1i
The pathname of the file to open. This parameter has the same
meaning as the first parameter to <<open(2)>>.
Filenames of the form: "//tcpIP/{hostname}:{port}" indicate a connection to
a TCP/IP port on host {hostname} with raw port number {port} is
requested.
.IP \fIflags\fP 1i
The access flags. This parameter has the same meaning as the second
parameter to <<open(2)>>.
.IP \fImode\fP 1i
If the file is created, the file protection modes will be determined
by the combination of the process  umask  and this value. This parameter
has the same meaning as the third parameter to <<open(2)>>.
.IP \fIfiletype\fP 1i
The type of the file will be written here. This may be NULL.
.IP \fIblocksize\fP 1i
The blocksize (in bytes) of the file will be written here (this
is only valid for a disc file). If the blocksize cannot be determined, the
value 0 will be written here. This may be NULL.
.SH RETURN VALUE
The file descriptor on success, else -1 and sets <<errno>> with
the error code.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
