.TH SCATPLT 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH PACKAGE
scatplt \- Routines to manipulate scatter plots
.SH PURPOSE
These routines are meant to provide a high level mechanism to create and
manipulate scatter plots (2-dimensional slices of Karma data structures).
These scatter plots utilise the world canvases available in the
<-canvas-> package, hence the resulting code is device independent.
NOTE: THIS PACKAGE IS WORK IN PROGRESS. THE INTERFACE MAY CHANGE IN THE
NEXT RELEASE, POSSIBLY WITHOUT NOTICE.
.SH LIBRARY
karmagraphics
.SH LINK WITH
-lkarmagraphics
.SH FUNCTIONS
.IP \fIscatplt_init\fP 1i
Initialise the package for a particular canvas.
.IP \fIscatplt_create\fP 1i
Create scatter plot.
.IP \fIscatplt_set_active\fP 1i
Set active state for a scatter plot controlled refresh.
.IP \fIscatplt_set_all_inactive\fP 1i
Clear active state all scatter plots controlled refresh.
.IP \fIscatplt_destroy\fP 1i
Destroy scatter plot.
.IP \fIscatplt_register_destroy_func\fP 1i
Register destroy callback.
.IP \fIscatplt_get_worldcanvas\fP 1i
Get the world canvas for a scatter plot.
.IP \fIscatplt_find_closest\fP 1i
Find the closest point to a specified position.
.IP \fIscatplt_find_closest_all\fP 1i
Find the closest point to a specified position.
.IP \fIscatplt_create_vv\fP 1i
Create a value-value scatter plot from two 2D sub-arrays.
.IP \fIscatplt_create_smart_cursor\fP 1i
Create a smart cursor.
.IP \fIscatplt_PROTO_destroy_func\fP 1i
Process a destroy event on a scatter plot.
.IP \fIscatplt_PROTO_cursor_func\fP 1i
Process a smart cursor event on a scatter plot.
.SH TABLE scatplt_CANVAS_ATTRIBUTES
List of canvas attributes for scatter plots

.TS
l l l l
_ _ _ _
l l l l.
Name                           Get Type       Set Type      Meaning

SCATPLT_CANVAS_ATT_END                                      End of varargs list
.TE
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
