.TH SCATPLT_CREATE_VV 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
scatplt_create_vv \- Create a value-value scatter plot from two 2D sub-arrays.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_scatplt.h>
.sp
.B KScatterPlot scatplt_create_vv
.sp
(KWorldCanvas canvas,
CONST char *array1,CONST array_desc *arr_desc1,
unsigned int xdim1, unsigned int ydim1,
unsigned int type1,
double scale1, double offset1, KwcsAstro ap1,
unsigned int num_restr1,
CONST char **restr_names1,
CONST double *restr_values1,
double *min1, double *max1,
uaddr xstart, uaddr xlen,
uaddr ystart, uaddr ylen,
CONST char *array2,CONST array_desc *arr_desc2,
unsigned int xdim2, unsigned int ydim2,
unsigned int type2,
double scale2, double offset2, KwcsAstro ap2,
unsigned int num_restr2,
CONST char **restr_names2,
CONST double *restr_values2,
double *min2, double *max2)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Create a value-value scatter plot from two 2D sub-arrays.
.IP \fIcanvas\fP 1i
The world canvas onto which the scatter plot may be drawn.
.IP \fIarray1\fP 1i
The data for the first array.
.IP \fIarr_desc1\fP 1i
The array descriptor for the first array.
.IP \fIxdim1\fP 1i
The X dimension index for the first array.
.IP \fIydim1\fP 1i
The Y dimension index for the first array.
.IP \fItype1\fP 1i
The data type for the first array.
.IP \fIscale1\fP 1i
The data scaling for the first array.
.IP \fIoffset1\fP 1i
The data offset for the first array.
.IP \fIap1\fP 1i
The KwcsAstro object for the first array.
.IP \fInum_restr1\fP 1i
The number of restrictions for the first array.
.IP \fIrestr_names1\fP 1i
The array of restriction names for the first array.
.IP \fIrestr_values1\fP 1i
The restriction values for the first array.
.IP \fImin1\fP 1i
The minimum value from the first array. This is updated.
.IP \fImax1\fP 1i
The maximum value from the first array. This is updated.
.IP \fIxstart\fP 1i
The X dimension start of the sub-array in the first array.
.IP \fIxlen\fP 1i
The X dimension length of the sub-array in the first array.
.IP \fIystart\fP 1i
The Y dimension start of the sub-array in the first array.
.IP \fIylen\fP 1i
The Y dimension length of the sub-array in the first array.
.IP \fIarray2\fP 1i
The data for the second array.
.IP \fIarr_desc2\fP 1i
The array descriptor for the second array.
.IP \fIxdim2\fP 1i
The X dimension index for the second array.
.IP \fIydim2\fP 1i
The Y dimension index for the second array.
.IP \fItype2\fP 1i
The data type for the second array.
.IP \fIscale2\fP 1i
The data scaling for the second array.
.IP \fIoffset2\fP 1i
The data offset for the second array.
.IP \fIap2\fP 1i
The KwcsAstro object for the second array.
.IP \fInum_restr\fP 1i
The number of restrictions for the second array.
.IP \fIrestr_names\fP 1i
The array of restriction names for the second array.
.IP \fIrestr_values\fP 1i
The restriction values for the second array.
.IP \fImin2\fP 1i
The minimum value from the second array. This is updated.
.IP \fImax2\fP 1i
The maximum value from the second array. This is updated.
.SH RETURN VALUE
A KScatterPlot object on success, NULL.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH NOTE
The KScatterPlot will be automatically destroyed if the canvas is
destroyed.
.sp
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
