.TH SCATPLT_FIND_CLOSEST 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
scatplt_find_closest \- Find the closest point to a specified position.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_scatplt.h>
.sp
.B flag scatplt_find_closest
.sp
(KScatterPlot plot, double xin, double yin,
double *xout, double *yout, uaddr *index,
flag subpixel, double search_radius)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Find the closest point to a specified position.
.IP \fIplot\fP 1i
The scatter plot to search.
.IP \fIxin\fP 1i
The X world co-ordinate to search from.
.IP \fIyin\fP 1i
The Y world co-ordinate to search from.
.IP \fIxout\fP 1i
The exact X co-ordinate of the point found is written here.
.IP \fIyout\fP 1i
The exact Y co-ordinate of the point found is written here.
.IP \fIindex\fP 1i
The index of the point is written here.
.IP \fIsubpixel\fP 1i
If TRUE, search with subpixel resolution so that multiple points
lying on the same screen pixel will be searched to find the closest point.
If FALSE, the search will terminate early on the first point which lies on
the same screen pixel. It is highly recommended that subpixel resolution is
not used, as it may be orders of magnitude slower.
.IP \fIsearch_radius\fP 1i
The maximum search radius. Points further from the search
position will be ignored.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE if a close point was found, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
