.TH ST 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH PACKAGE
st \- String manipulation routines
.SH PURPOSE
These routines are meant to supplement the standard C library str* routines
Since each version of Unix has a different set of "extra" string functions,
this package is meant to bridge the gap, and provides some of the more
useful "extras".
.SH LIBRARY
karma
.SH LINK WITH
-lkarma
.SH FUNCTIONS
.IP \fIst_expr_expand\fP 1i
Expand an expression using Borne Shell-like unquoted rules.
.IP \fIst_find\fP 1i
Search a list of strings for a string.
.IP \fIst_chr\fP 1i
Search a string for the first occurrence of a character.
.IP \fIst_cmp_wild\fP 1i
Compare strings with wildcard support.
.IP \fIst_cspn\fP 1i
Find maximum leading segment in string with exclusion.
.IP \fIst_icmp\fP 1i
Compare strings, ignoring case.
.IP \fIst_lwr\fP 1i
Convert a string to lowercase.
.IP \fIst_nicmp\fP 1i
Compare strings, ignoring case, up to a specified length.
.IP \fIst_nupr\fP 1i
Convert a string to uppercase, up to a specified length.
.IP \fIst_nlwr\fP 1i
Convert a string to lowercase, up to a specified length.
.IP \fIst_pbrk\fP 1i
Search a string for a character from a set.
.IP \fIst_rchr\fP 1i
Search a string for the last occurrence of a character.
.IP \fIst_spn\fP 1i
Find maximum leading segment in string with inclusion.
.IP \fIst_tok\fP 1i
Extract token from string.
.IP \fIst_tol\fP 1i
Convert a string to a long integer.
.IP \fIst_upr\fP 1i
Convert a string to uppercase.
.IP \fIst_dup\fP 1i
Make a duplicate copy of a string.
.IP \fIst_qsort\fP 1i
Perform a quicksort on an array of strings.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
