.TH VC_SET_VISUALTYPE 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
vc_set_visualtype \- Set the current visual of the viewable colourmap.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_vc.h>
.sp
.B void vc_set_visualtype
.sp
(Kdisplay dpy_handle, unsigned int visual, flag overlay)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Set the current visual of the viewable colourmap.
.IP \fIdpy_handle\fP 1i
The low level display handle.
.IP \fIvisual\fP 1i
The visual type for the canvas. Legal values are:
VC_VX_VISUAL_PSEUDOCOLOUR0    8  bits deep (alpha/overlay channel)
VC_VX_VISUAL_PSEUDOCOLOUR1    8  bits deep (blue channel)
VC_VX_VISUAL_PSEUDOCOLOUR2    8  bits deep (green channel)
VC_VX_VISUAL_PSEUDOCOLOUR3    8  bits deep (red channel)
VC_VX_VISUAL_DIRECTCOLOUR     24 bits deep
.IP \fIoverlay\fP 1i
If TRUE and PseudoColour channel 0 is NOT selected, the overlay
channel is displayed. A non-zero pixel in the overlay channel will override
the PseudoColour/DirectColour pixel.
.SH RETURN VALUE
Nothing.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH NOTE
PseudoColour channels 1, 2 and 3 occupy the same area of screen
memory as the DirectColour channel. When viewing a PseudoColour canvas,
the lower appropriate 8 bits are used. When viewing a DirectColour
canvas, the lower 24 bits (big endian) are used. Bits 0-7, 8-15
and 16-23 contain the red, green and blue components, respectively.
.sp
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
