.TH VIEWIMG_CREATE 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
viewimg_create \- Create viewable image from 2D slice.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_viewimg.h>
.sp
.B ViewableImage viewimg_create
.sp
(KWorldCanvas canvas, multi_array *multi_desc,
array_desc *arr_desc, char *slice,
unsigned int hdim, unsigned int vdim,
unsigned int elem_index)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will create a PseudoColour viewable image object
from a 2-dimensional slice of a Karma data structure. At a later time, this
viewable image may be made visible. This routine will not cause the canvas
to be refreshed.
.IP \fIcanvas\fP 1i
The world canvas onto which the viewable image may be drawn. Many
viewable images may be associated with a single canvas.
.IP \fImulti_desc\fP 1i
The  multi_array  descriptor which contains the Karma data
structure. The routine increments the attachment count on the descriptor
on successful completion. This may be NULL.
.IP \fIarr_desc\fP 1i
The array descriptor.
.IP \fIslice\fP 1i
The start of the slice data.
.IP \fIhdim\fP 1i
The dimension index of the horizontal dimension.
.IP \fIvdim\fP 1i
The dimension index of the vertical dimension.
.IP \fIelem_index\fP 1i
The element index in the data packets.
.SH RETURN VALUE
A viewable image on success, else NULL.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH NOTES
The routine may produce cache data which will vastly increase the
speed of subsequent operations on this data. Prior to process exit, a call
MUST be made to <-viewimg_destroy->, otherwise shared memory segments could
remain after the process exits.
.sp
The ViewableImage will be automatically destroyed if the canvas is
destroyed.
.sp
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
