.TH VIEWIMG_CREATE_SEQUENCE 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
viewimg_create_sequence \- Create a sequence of viewable images from a 3D slice.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_viewimg.h>
.sp
.B ViewableImage * viewimg_create_sequence
.sp
(KWorldCanvas canvas,
multi_array *multi_desc,
array_desc *arr_desc, char *cube,
unsigned int hdim, unsigned int vdim,
unsigned int fdim,
unsigned int elem_index)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will create a sequence of viewable image objects
from a 3-dimensional cube of a Karma data structure. At a later time, this
sequence of viewable images may be made visible in any order.
This routine will not cause the canvas to be refreshed.
.IP \fIcanvas\fP 1i
The world canvas object.
.IP \fImulti_desc\fP 1i
The  multi_array  descriptor which contains the Karma data
structure. The routine increments the attachment count on the descriptor
on successful completion. This may be NULL.
.IP \fIarr_desc\fP 1i
The array descriptor.
.IP \fIcube\fP 1i
The start of the cube data.
.IP \fIhdim\fP 1i
The dimension index of the horizontal dimension.
.IP \fIvdim\fP 1i
The dimension index of the vertical dimension.
.IP \fIfdim\fP 1i
The dimension index of the frame dimension (dimension containing the
sequence). The number of frames is the same as the length of this
dimension.
.IP \fIelem_index\fP 1i
The element index in the data packets.
.SH RETURN VALUE
A pointer to a dynamically allocated array of viewable image
objects on success, else NULL.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH NOTES
The routine may produce cache data which will vastly increase the
speed of subsequent operations on this data. Prior to process exit, a call
MUST be made to <-viewimg_destroy->, otherwise shared memory segments could
remain after the process exits.
.sp
The ViewableImage objects will be automatically destroyed if the
canvas is destroyed.
.sp
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
