.TH VIEWIMG_CREATE_FROM_IARRAY 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
viewimg_create_from_iarray \- Create a viewable image from an Intelligent Array.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_viewimg.h>
.sp
.B ViewableImage viewimg_create_from_iarray
.sp
(KWorldCanvas canvas, iarray array,
flag swap)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will create a viewable image object from a
2-dimensional Intelligent Array. At a later time, this viewable image may
be made visible. This routine will not cause the canvas to be refreshed.
Many viewable images may be associated with a single canvas.
.IP \fIcanvas\fP 1i
The world canvas object.
.IP \fIarray\fP 1i
The Intelligent Array. The underlying <<multi_array>> data
structure will have its attachment count incremented upon successful
completion.
.IP \fIswap\fP 1i
If TRUE the y axis will be displayed horizontally.
.SH RETURN VALUE
A viewable image on success, else NULL.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH NOTES
The routine may produce cache data which will vastly increase the
speed of subsequent operations on this data. Prior to process exit, a call
MUST be made to <-viewimg_destroy->, otherwise shared memory segments could
remain after the process exits.
.sp
The ViewableImage will be automatically destroyed if the canvas is
destroyed.
.sp
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
