.TH VIEWIMG_HEADER_POSITION_FUNC 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
viewimg_header_position_func \- Position event callback.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_viewimg.h>
.sp
.B flag viewimg_header_position_func
.sp
(ViewableImage vimage,
double x, double y,
void *value, unsigned int event_code,
void *e_info, void **f_info,
double x_lin, double y_lin,
unsigned int value_type)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine is a position event consumer for a world canvas
which has a number of ViewableImage objects associated with it.
.IP \fIviewimg\fP 1i
The active viewable image.
.IP \fIx\fP 1i
The horizontal world co-ordinate of the event.
.IP \fIy\fP 1i
The vertical world co-ordinate of the event.
These values will have been transformed by the registered transform
function (see <-canvas_register_transforms_func->) for the associated
world canvas.
.IP \fIvalue\fP 1i
A pointer to the data value in the viewable image corresponding
to the event co-ordinates.
.IP \fIevent_code\fP 1i
The arbitrary event code.
.IP \fIe_info\fP 1i
The arbitrary event information.
.IP \fIf_info\fP 1i
The arbitrary function information pointer.
.IP \fIx_lin\fP 1i
The linear horizontal world co-ordinate (the co-ordinate prior
to the transform function being called).
.IP \fIy_lin\fP 1i
The linear vertical world co-ordinate (the co-ordinate prior
to the transform function being called).
.IP \fIvalue_type\fP 1i
The type of the data value. This may be K_DCOMPLEX or
K_UB_RGB.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE if the event was consumed, else FALSE indicating that
the event is still to be processed.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
