.TH VIEWIMG_STATISTICS_GEOM_FUNC 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
viewimg_statistics_geom_func \- Process a geometry editor event on a pixel canvas.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_viewimg.h>
.sp
.B flag viewimg_statistics_geom_func
.sp
(KPixCanvasEditorContext context,
KPixCanvas canvas,
unsigned int object_type,
unsigned int num_coords,
CONST int *x, CONST int *y,
unsigned int raw_event_code,
void *raw_e_info, void **f_info)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Process a geometry editor event on a pixel canvas.
.IP \fIcontext\fP 1i
The KPixCanvasEditorContext.
.IP \fIcanvas\fP 1i
The pixel canvas on which the event occurred.
.IP \fIobject_type\fP 1i
The type of the geometric object.
.IP \fInum_coords\fP 1i
The number of co-ordinates in the geometric object.
.IP \fIx\fP 1i
The array of horizontal co-ordinates for the geometric object.
.IP \fIy\fP 1i
The array of vertical co-ordinates for the geometric object.
.IP \fIraw_event_code\fP 1i
The raw arbitrary event code.
.IP \fIraw_e_info\fP 1i
A pointer to the raw arbitrary event information.
.IP \fIf_info\fP 1i
A pointer to an arbitrary function information pointer.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE if the event was consumed, else FALSE indicating that
the event is still to be processed.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
