.TH VIEWIMG_TRACK_COMPUTE 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
viewimg_track_compute \- Compute track strings.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_viewimg.h>
.sp
.B void viewimg_track_compute
.sp
(ViewableImage vimage,
void *value, unsigned int value_type,
double x, double y,
double x_im, double y_im,
char pix_string[STRING_LENGTH],
char world_string[STRING_LENGTH],
char extra_string[STRING_LENGTH])
.SH DESCRIPTION
Compute track strings.
.IP \fIvimage\fP 1i
The active ViewableImage object.
.IP \fIvalue\fP 1i
A pointer to the data value in the viewable image corresponding
to the event co-ordinates.
.IP \fIvalue_type\fP 1i
The type of the data value. This may be K_DCOMPLEX or
K_UB_RGB.
.IP \fIx\fP 1i
The horizontal world co-ordinate of the event.
.IP \fIy\fP 1i
The vertical world co-ordinate of the event.
.IP \fIx_im\fP 1i
The horizontal image pixel co-ordinate. 0.0 is the pixel centre.
.IP \fIy_im\fP 1i
The vertical image pixel co-ordinate. 0.0 is the pixel centre.
.IP \fIpix_string\fP 1i
The pixel co-ordinates and data value will be written here.
.IP \fIworld_string\fP 1i
The world co-ordinates and restriction information will be
written here.
.IP \fIextra_string\fP 1i
Extra information is written here. This may be NULL if
<<world_string>> is also NULL.
.SH RETURN VALUE
Nothing.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
