.TH VIEWIMG_CREATE_SEQUENCE_FROM_IARRAY 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
viewimg_create_sequence_from_iarray \- Create a sequence of viewable images from an Intelligent Array.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_viewimg.h>
.sp
.B ViewableImage * viewimg_create_sequence_from_iarray
.sp
(KWorldCanvas canvas,
iarray array,
unsigned int hdim,
unsigned int vdim,
unsigned int fdim)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will create a sequence of viewable image objects
from a 3-dimensional Intelligent Array. At a later time, this sequence of
viewable images may be made visible in any order.
This routine will not cause the canvas to be refreshed.
.IP \fIcanvas\fP 1i
The world canvas object.
.IP \fIarray\fP 1i
The Intelligent Array. The underlying <<multi_array>> data
structure will have its attachment count incremented upon successful
completion.
.IP \fIhdim\fP 1i
The dimension index of the horizontal dimension.
.IP \fIvdim\fP 1i
The dimension index of the vertical dimension.
.IP \fIfdim\fP 1i
The dimension index of the frame dimension (dimension containing the
sequence). The number of frames is the same as the length of this
dimension.
.SH RETURN VALUE
A pointer to a dynamically allocated array of viewable image
objects on success, else NULL.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH NOTES
The routine may produce cache data which will vastly increase the
speed of subsequent operations on this data. Prior to process exit, a call
MUST be made to <-viewimg_destroy->, otherwise shared memory segments could
remain after the process exits.
.sp
The ViewableImage objects will be automatically destroyed if the
canvas is destroyed.
.sp
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
