.TH VRENDER 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH PACKAGE
vrender \- Routines to support volume rendering
.SH PURPOSE
These routines are meant to provide support for volume rendering. Most of
the hard work in setting up the geometry, projections and making use of
multiple CPUs is done in the package. The application "just" needs to
provide the user interface, display canvas and shading algorithms.
NOTE: THIS PACKAGE IS WORK IN PROGRESS. THE INTERFACE MAY CHANGE IN THE
NEXT RELEASE, POSSIBLY WITHOUT NOTICE.
.SH LIBRARY
karma
.SH LINK WITH
-lkarma
.SH FUNCTIONS
.IP \fIvrender_create_context\fP 1i
Create a context for volume rendering.
.IP \fIvrender_set_context_attributes\fP 1i
Set the attributes for a volume rendering context.
.IP \fIvrender_get_context_attributes\fP 1i
Get the attributes for a volume rendering context.
.IP \fIvrender_register_shader\fP 1i
Register a shader function.
.IP \fIvrender_change_shader_blank_packet\fP 1i
Change blank value for a particular shader.
.IP \fIvrender_get_shaders\fP 1i
Get the names of all registered shaders.
.IP \fIvrender_to_buffer\fP 1i
Render a scene in a volume rendering context to a buffer.
.IP \fIvrender_collect_ray\fP 1i
Collect a ray projected from an image plane into a volume.
.IP \fIvrender_project_3d\fP 1i
Project a point in 3-dimensional space onto a view plane.
.IP \fIvrender_compute_caches\fP 1i
Compute cache for volume rendering context.
.IP \fIvrender_image_desc_notify_func\fP 1i
Register image descriptor change callback.
.IP \fIvrender_cache_notify_func\fP 1i
Register cache computed callback.
.IP \fIvrender_view_notify_func\fP 1i
Register view changed computed callback.
.IP \fIvrender_message_notify_func\fP 1i
Register message callback.
.IP \fIvrender_client_notify_func\fP 1i
Register new client callback.
.IP \fIvrender_get_eye_info\fP 1i
Get eye information.
.IP \fIvrender_show_stats\fP 1i
Show distributed rendering statistics.
.IP \fIvrender_send_message\fP 1i
Send a message to all "VRENDER_private" clients.
.IP \fIvrender_PROTO_render_notify_func\fP 1i
Volume rendering completed callback.
.IP \fIvrender_PROTO_image_desc_notify_func\fP 1i
Image descriptor changed callback.
.IP \fIvrender_PROTO_cache_notify_func\fP 1i
Cache computed callback.
.IP \fIvrender_PROTO_view_notify_func\fP 1i
View changed callback.
.IP \fIvrender_PROTO_message_notify_func\fP 1i
Message received callback.
.IP \fIvrender_PROTO_client_notify_func\fP 1i
Client connected callback.
.SH TABLE vrender_ATTRIBUTES
List of attributes volume rendering contexts

.TS
l l l l
_ _ _ _
l l l l.
Name                                 Get Type             Set Type             Meaning

VRENDER_CONTEXT_ATT_END                                                        End of varargs list
VRENDER_CONTEXT_ATT_CUBE             iarray *             iarray               Volume
VRENDER_CONTEXT_ATT_VIEW             view_specification * view_specification * Current view
VRENDER_CONTEXT_ATT_SHADER                                CONST char *         Shader name
VRENDER_CONTEXT_ATT_SUBCUBE_X_START  unsigned long *      unsigned long        X start
VRENDER_CONTEXT_ATT_SUBCUBE_X_END    unsigned long *      unsigned long        X end
VRENDER_CONTEXT_ATT_SUBCUBE_Y_START  unsigned long *      unsigned long        Y start
VRENDER_CONTEXT_ATT_SUBCUBE_Y_END    unsigned long *      unsigned long        Y end
VRENDER_CONTEXT_ATT_SUBCUBE_Z_START  unsigned long *      unsigned long        Z start
VRENDER_CONTEXT_ATT_SUBCUBE_Z_END    unsigned long *      unsigned long        Z end
VRENDER_CONTEXT_ATT_IMAGE_DESC       array_desc *                              Image descriptor
VRENDER_CONTEXT_ATT_VALID_IMAGE_DESC flag *               flag                 Valid image descriptor
VRENDER_CONTEXT_ATT_PROJECTION                            unsigned int         Projection code
VRENDER_CONTEXT_ATT_EYE_SEPARATION                        double               Distance between eyes
VRENDER_CONTEXT_ATT_SMOOTH_CACHE                          flag                 Produce smooth cache
.TE
.SH TABLE vrender_EYES
List of eye views

.TS
l l
_ _
l l.
Name                        Meaning

VRENDER_EYE_CHOICE_CYCLOPS  Single eye (monoscopic vision)
VRENDER_EYE_CHOICE_LEFT     Left eye (stereoscopic vision)
VRENDER_EYE_CHOICE_RIGHT    Right eye (stereoscopic vision)
.TE
.SH TABLE vrender_EYE_MASKS
List of eye view masks

.TS
l l
_ _
l l.
Name                       Meaning

VRENDER_EYE_MASK_CYCLOPS   Single eye (monoscopic vision)
VRENDER_EYE_MASK_LEFT      Left eye (stereoscopic vision)
VRENDER_EYE_MASK_RIGHT     Right eye (stereoscopic vision)
.TE
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
