.TH VRENDER_COLLECT_RAY 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
vrender_collect_ray \- Collect a ray projected from an image plane into a volume.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_vrender.h>
.sp
.B CONST signed char * vrender_collect_ray
.sp
(KVolumeRenderContext context,
unsigned int eye_view,
Kcoord_2d pos_2d, Kcoord_3d *ray_start,
Kcoord_3d *direction,
float *t_enter, float *t_leave,
unsigned int *ray_length)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Collect a ray projected from an image plane into a volume.
.IP \fIcontext\fP 1i
The volume rendering context. This specifies the volume and view
information.
.IP \fIeye_view\fP 1i
The eye which sees the ray. See <-vrender_EYES-> for a list of
legal values.
.IP \fIpos_2d\fP 1i
The 2-dimensional position in the image plane to project from.
.IP \fIray_start\fP 1i
The 3-dimensional position of the starting point of the ray is
written here. This point lies on the raster plane.
.IP \fIdirection\fP 1i
The 3-dimensional direction vector of the ray is written here.
This is not normalised.
.IP \fIt_enter\fP 1i
The distance down the ray corresponding to the first voxel is
written here.
.IP \fIt_leave\fP 1i
The distance down the ray corresponding to the last voxel is
written here.
.IP \fIray_length\fP 1i
The length of the ray through the volume is written here. If
the ray does not intersect the volume, 0 is written here.
.SH RETURN VALUE
A pointer to the collected ray. This is a statically allocated
array per context which is updated on each call. On error NULL is returned.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe per context.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
