.TH VRENDER_TO_BUFFER 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
vrender_to_buffer \- Render a scene in a volume rendering context to a buffer.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_vrender.h>
.sp
.B flag vrender_to_buffer
.sp
(KVolumeRenderContext context, char *left_buffer,
char *right_buffer, double *min, double *max,
void (*notify_func) (void *info), void *info)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Render a scene in a volume rendering context to a buffer.
.IP \fIcontext\fP 1i
The volume rendering context.
.IP \fIleft_buffer\fP 1i
The left eye buffer to render into. This must be correctly
allocated.
.IP \fIright_buffer\fP 1i
The right eye buffer to render into. If this is NULL no
right eye view is rendered and a monoscopic image is rendered into the left
eye buffer.
.IP \fImin\fP 1i
The minimum value in the rendered images(s) is written here.
.IP \fImax\fP 1i
The maximum value in the rendered images(s) is written here.
.IP \fInotify_func\fP 1i
The function that is called when the rendering is completed.
The prototype function is <-vrender_PROTO_render_notify_func->.
.IP \fIinfo\fP 1i
The arbitrary information pointer.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE on success, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe per context.
.SH NOTE
This function may block.
.sp
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
