.TH W 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH PACKAGE
w \- Routines to support work functions
.SH PURPOSE
These routines are meant to provide support for work functions. Work
functions are similar to threads in that they allow background processing
to be done, but require no threading support from the Operating System.
Work functions are only executed while the application would otherwise be
idle.
NOTE: THIS PACKAGE IS WORK IN PROGRESS. THE INTERFACE MAY CHANGE IN THE
NEXT RELEASE, POSSIBLY WITHOUT NOTICE.
.SH LIBRARY
karma
.SH LINK WITH
-lkarma
.SH FUNCTIONS
.IP \fIw_test_supported\fP 1i
Test if application supports work functions.
.IP \fIw_register_support\fP 1i
Register support for work functions.
.IP \fIw_unregister_support\fP 1i
Unregister support for work functions.
.IP \fIw_register_notify_func\fP 1i
Register new work function callback.
.IP \fIw_work_to_be_done\fP 1i
Test for pending work functions waiting to be called.
.IP \fIw_do_work\fP 1i
Do some work.
.IP \fIw_register_func\fP 1i
Register a work function.
.IP \fIw_unregister_func\fP 1i
Unregister a work function.
.IP \fIw_PROTO_new_func\fP 1i
New work function callback.
.IP \fIw_PROTO_work_func\fP 1i
Work function.
.SH TABLE w_PRIORITIES
List work function priorities

.TS
l l
_ _
l l.
Name                    Meaning

KWF_PRIORITY_HIGHEST    Place function at top of list, any work
                        functions registered while this one is running
                        will be placed second in the list
KWF_PRIORITY_HIGH       Place function at top of list, any work
                        functions registered while this one is running
                        will be placed at the top of the list
KWF_PRIORITY_LOWEST     Place function at bottom of the list
.TE
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
