.TH WCS 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH PACKAGE
wcs \- Routines to support Astronomical sky-projections
.SH PURPOSE
These routines are meant to provide support for Astronomical
sky-projections.
NOTE: THIS PACKAGE IS WORK IN PROGRESS. THE INTERFACE MAY CHANGE IN THE
NEXT RELEASE, POSSIBLY WITHOUT NOTICE.
.SH LIBRARY
karma
.SH LINK WITH
-lkarma
.SH FUNCTIONS
.IP \fIwcs_astro_get_associated\fP 1i
Create/get associated Astronomical Sky Co-ordinate projections.
.IP \fIwcs_astro_setup\fP 1i
Setup for Astronomical Sky Co-ordinate projections.
.IP \fIwcs_astro_destroy\fP 1i
Destroy KwcsAstro object.
.IP \fIwcs_astro_test_radec\fP 1i
Test if a KwcsAstro object has RA/GLON and DEC/GLAT defined.
.IP \fIwcs_astro_test_velocity\fP 1i
Test if a KwcsAstro object has velocity or frequency defined.
.IP \fIwcs_astro_test_if_ra\fP 1i
Test if an axis is a Right Ascension axis.
.IP \fIwcs_astro_test_if_dec\fP 1i
Test if an axis is a Declination axis.
.IP \fIwcs_astro_test_if_glon\fP 1i
Test if an axis is a Galactic Longitude axis.
.IP \fIwcs_astro_test_if_glat\fP 1i
Test if an axis is a Galactic Latitude axis.
.IP \fIwcs_astro_test_if_lon\fP 1i
Test if an axis is a longitude axis.
.IP \fIwcs_astro_test_if_lat\fP 1i
Test if an axis is a latitude axis.
.IP \fIwcs_astro_test_if_velocity\fP 1i
Test if an axis is a velocity axis.
.IP \fIwcs_astro_transform\fP 1i
Transform between linear and projected co-ordinates.
.IP \fIwcs_astro_transform3\fP 1i
Transform between linear and projected co-ordinates.
.IP \fIwcs_astro_breakdown_hms\fP 1i
Breakdown a time value into components.
.IP \fIwcs_astro_format_hms\fP 1i
Format a time value into a string.
.IP \fIwcs_astro_breakdown_dms\fP 1i
Break down an angular value into degrees, minutes and seconds.
.IP \fIwcs_astro_format_dms\fP 1i
Format an angle value into a string.
.IP \fIwcs_astro_format_vel\fP 1i
Format a velocity value into a string.
.IP \fIwcs_astro_breakdown_time\fP 1i
Breakdown a time value into components.
.IP \fIwcs_astro_format_time\fP 1i
Format a time value into a string.
.IP \fIwcs_astro_format\fP 1i
Format a value. No transformation is applied.
.IP \fIwcs_astro_format_all\fP 1i
Transform and format all available information.
.IP \fIwcs_astro_get_preferred_units\fP 1i
Get preferred units for data.
.IP \fIwcs_astro_get_equinox\fP 1i
Get the Equinox.
.IP \fIwcs_astro_get_reference\fP 1i
Get reference value for an axis.
.IP \fIwcs_astro_get_increment\fP 1i
Get increment value for an axis.
.IP \fIwcs_astro_update_location\fP 1i
Update the location ("CRVALn" and "CRPIXn") values.
.IP \fIwcs_astro_compare_axes\fP 1i
Compare axis names.
.IP \fIwcs_astro_has_chromatic_aberration\fP 1i
Test if a co-ordinate system has chromatic aberration.
.IP \fIwcs_compare_grids_2D\fP 1i
Compare if two images have the same world co-ordinate grid.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
