.TH WCS_ASTRO_BREAKDOWN_DMS 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
wcs_astro_breakdown_dms \- Break down an angular value into degrees, minutes and seconds.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_wcs.h>
.sp
.B flag wcs_astro_breakdown_dms
.sp
(flag *negative, int *degrees, int *minutes,
double *seconds, int *whole_seconds,
double *subseconds, double input, double offset)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Break down an angular value into degrees, minutes and seconds.
.IP \fInegative\fP 1i
If the value is negative the value TRUE is written here, else
FALSE is written here. This may be NULL.
.IP \fIdegrees\fP 1i
The degrees are written here. This may be NULL.
.IP \fIminutes\fP 1i
The minutes are written here. This may be NULL.
.IP \fIseconds\fP 1i
The seconds are written here. This may be NULL.
.IP \fIwhole_seconds\fP 1i
The integer truncated seconds are written here. This may be
NULL.
.IP \fIsubseconds\fP 1i
The fractional seconds are written here. This may be NULL.
.IP \fIinput\fP 1i
The input value in degrees.
.IP \fIoffset\fP 1i
The offset (in arcseconds) to apply for rounding purposes.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE if the value was legal, else FALSE.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH NOTE
All component values are guaranteed to be positive.
.sp
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
