.TH WCS_ASTRO_BREAKDOWN_TIME 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
wcs_astro_breakdown_time \- Breakdown a time value into components.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_wcs.h>
.sp
.B void wcs_astro_breakdown_time
.sp
(unsigned int *year, unsigned int *month,
unsigned int *day_of_month,
unsigned int *day_of_year,
unsigned int *hours, unsigned int *minutes,
double *seconds, unsigned int *whole_seconds,
double *subseconds, double time_val)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Breakdown a time value into components.
.IP \fItime_val\fP 1i
The time in Modified Julian Date (units of seconds).
.IP \fIyear\fP 1i
The year is written here.
.IP \fImonth\fP 1i
The month is written here.
.IP \fIday_of_month\fP 1i
The day of the month is written here.
.IP \fIhours\fP 1i
The hours are written here. This may be NULL.
.IP \fIminutes\fP 1i
The minutes are written here. This may be NULL.
.IP \fIseconds\fP 1i
The seconds are written here. This may be NULL.
.IP \fIwhole_seconds\fP 1i
The integer truncated seconds are written here. This may be
NULL.
.IP \fIsubseconds\fP 1i
The fractional seconds are written here. This may be NULL.
.SH RETURN VALUE
Nothing.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
