.TH WCS_ASTRO_TRANSFORM 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
wcs_astro_transform \- Transform between linear and projected co-ordinates.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_wcs.h>
.sp
.B flag wcs_astro_transform
.sp
(KwcsAstro ap, flag thread, unsigned int num_coords,
double *ra, flag ra_to_linear,
double *dec, flag dec_to_linear,
double *vel, flag vel_to_linear,
unsigned int num_restr, CONST char **restr_names,
CONST double *restr_values)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Transform between linear and projected co-ordinates.
.IP \fIap\fP 1i
The KwcsAstro object.
.IP \fIthread\fP 1i
If TRUE, the operation may be threaded, else it will not be.
.IP \fInum_coords\fP 1i
The number of co-ordinates to transform.
.IP \fIra\fP 1i
A pointer to the right ascension values. These will be modified.
.IP \fIra_to_linear\fP 1i
If TRUE the right ascension values are transformed to linear
co-ordinates, else they are transformed to non-linear co-ordinates.
.IP \fIdec\fP 1i
A pointer to the declination values. These will be modified.
.IP \fIdec_to_linear\fP 1i
If TRUE the declination values are transformed to linear
co-ordinates, else they are transformed to non-linear co-ordinates.
.IP \fIvel\fP 1i
A pointer to the velocity values. These will be modified.
.IP \fIvel_to_linear\fP 1i
If TRUE the velocity values are transformed to linear
co-ordinates, else they are transformed to non-linear co-ordinates.
.IP \fInum_restr\fP 1i
The number of restrictions.
.IP \fIrestr_names\fP 1i
The array of restriction names.
.IP \fIrestr_values\fP 1i
The restriction values.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE on success, else FALSE. If nothing is to be transformed,
TRUE is returned.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
