.TH WCS_ASTRO_FORMAT_ALL 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
wcs_astro_format_all \- Transform and format all available information.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_wcs.h>
.sp
.B void wcs_astro_format_all
.sp
(KwcsAstro ap, unsigned int spherical_format,
char coord_string[STRING_LENGTH],
CONST char *name0, double coord0,
CONST char *name1, double coord1,
CONST char *name2, double coord2,
unsigned int num_restr, CONST char **restr_names,
CONST double *restr_values,
char other_string[STRING_LENGTH])
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will transform and format all available information.
The data are transformed from linear to non-linear values.
.IP \fIap\fP 1i
The KwcsAstro object.
.IP \fIspherical_format\fP 1i
The format type for a spherical axis.
.IP \fIcoord_string\fP 1i
Formatted co-ordinate information is written here.
.IP \fIname0\fP 1i
The name of co-ordinate 0.
.IP \fIcoord0\fP 1i
Co-ordinate 0.
.IP \fIname1\fP 1i
The name of co-ordinate 1. If this is NULL, it is ignored.
.IP \fIcoord1\fP 1i
Co-ordinate 1.
.IP \fIname2\fP 1i
The name of co-ordinate 2. If this is NULL, it is ignored.
.IP \fIcoord2\fP 1i
Co-ordinate 2.
.IP \fInum_restr\fP 1i
The number of restrictions.
.IP \fIrestr_names\fP 1i
The array of restriction names.
.IP \fIrestr_values\fP 1i
The restriction values.
.IP \fIother_string\fP 1i
Formatted extra information is written here.
.SH RETURN VALUE
Nothing.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
