.TH WCS_ASTRO_TRANSFORM3 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH EXPERIMENTAL_FUNC
wcs_astro_transform3 \- Transform between linear and projected co-ordinates.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_wcs.h>
.sp
.B flag wcs_astro_transform3
.sp
(KwcsAstro ap, flag thread, unsigned int num_coords,
CONST char *name0, double *coords0, flag to_lin0,
CONST char *name1, double *coords1, flag to_lin1,
CONST char *name2, double *coords2, flag to_lin2,
unsigned int num_restr, CONST char **restr_names,
CONST double *restr_values)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will convert up to three arrays of co-ordinates
using an astronomical projection system. The co-ordinate arrays are named.
If a co-ordinate array is not defined the co-ordinates are unchanged.
.IP \fIap\fP 1i
The KwcsAstro object.
.IP \fIthread\fP 1i
If TRUE, the operation may be threaded, else it will not be.
.IP \fInum_coords\fP 1i
The number of co-ordinates to transform.
.IP \fIname0\fP 1i
The name of co-ordinate array 0.
.IP \fIcoords0\fP 1i
Co-ordinate array 0.
.IP \fIto_lin0\fP 1i
If TRUE the co-ordinate 0 values are transformed to linear
co-ordinates, else they are transformed to non-linear co-ordinates.
.IP \fIname1\fP 1i
The name of co-ordinate array 1.
.IP \fIcoords1\fP 1i
Co-ordinate array 1.
.IP \fIto_lin1\fP 1i
If TRUE the co-ordinate 1 values are transformed to linear
co-ordinates, else they are transformed to non-linear co-ordinates.
.IP \fIname2\fP 1i
The name of co-ordinate array 2.
.IP \fIcoords2\fP 1i
Co-ordinate array 2.
.IP \fIto_lin2\fP 1i
If TRUE the co-ordinate 2 values are transformed to linear
co-ordinates, else they are transformed to non-linear co-ordinates.
.IP \fInum_restr\fP 1i
The number of restrictions.
.IP \fIrestr_names\fP 1i
The array of restriction names.
.IP \fIrestr_values\fP 1i
The restriction values.
.SH RETURN VALUE
TRUE on success, else FALSE. If nothing is to be transformed,
TRUE is returned.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
