.TH XI_PUT_IMAGE 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
xi_put_image \- Write an XImage structure to a drawable.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_xi.h>
.sp
.B void xi_put_image
.sp
(Display *display, Drawable drawable, GC gc, XImage *ximage,
int src_x, int src_y, int dest_x, int dest_y,
unsigned int width, unsigned int height, flag shared_memory,
flag wait)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Write an XImage structure to a drawable.
.IP \fIdisplay\fP 1i
The X display.
.IP \fIdrawable\fP 1i
The ID of the drawable.
.IP \fIgc\fP 1i
The graphics context.
.IP \fIximage\fP 1i
The image structure.
.IP \fIsrc_x\fP 1i
The horizontal position of the upper left corner of the subimage.
.IP \fIsrc_y\fP 1i
The vertical position of the upper left corner of the subimage.
.IP \fIdest_x\fP 1i
The horizontal position in the drawable where the upper left
corner will be drawn.
.IP \fIdest_y\fP 1i
The vertical position in the drawable where the upper left
corner will be drawn.
.IP \fIwidth\fP 1i
The width of the subimage.
.IP \fIheight\fP 1i
The height of the subimage.
.IP \fIshared_memory\fP 1i
If TRUE the routine assmumes the XImage structure resides
in a shared memory segment.
.IP \fIwait\fP 1i
If TRUE and the XImage structure resides in a shared memory segment
the routine will wait for the X server to copy the contents from the
segment.
.SH RETURN VALUE
Nothing.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
