.TH XTMISC_INIT_APP_INITIALISE 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH FUNCTION
xtmisc_init_app_initialise \- Initialise an application for Xt.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <karma_xtmisc.h>
.sp
.B Widget xtmisc_init_app_initialise
.sp
(XtAppContext *app_context_return,
CONST char* application_class,
XrmOptionDescList options,
Cardinal num_options,
int *argc_in_out, String *argv_in_out,
String *fallback_resources,
...)
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine will initialise an application to use Xt. This
routine is similar to the <<XtVaAppInitialize>> routine, except that a new
colourmap for the application may be created.
.IP \fIapp_context_return\fP 1i
As for <<XtVaAppInitialize>>.
.IP \fIapplication_class\fP 1i
As for <<XtVaAppInitialize>>.
.IP \fIoptions\fP 1i
As for <<XtVaAppInitialize>>.
.IP \fInum_options\fP 1i
As for <<XtVaAppInitialize>>.
.IP \fIargc_in_out\fP 1i
As for <<XtVaAppInitialize>>.
.IP \fIargv_in_out\fP 1i
As for <<XtVaAppInitialize>>.
.IP \fIfallback_resources\fP 1i
As for <<XtVaAppInitialize>>.
.IP \fI...\fP 1i
Two separate lists of optional pairs of attribute-key
attribute-value. The first list is processed by this routine and must be
terminated with XTMISC_INIT_ATT_END. The second list is processed by
<<XtVaAppInitialize>> and must be terminated by NULL.
.SH RETURN VALUE
The application shell.
.SH Multi-threading Level
Unsafe.
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
