.TH XTMISC 3 "13 Nov 2005" "Karma Distribution"
.SH PACKAGE
xtmisc \- Routines to provide miscellaneous Xt support
.SH PURPOSE
These routines are meant to provide miscellaneuos Xt support.
NOTE: THIS PACKAGE IS WORK IN PROGRESS. THE INTERFACE MAY CHANGE IN THE
NEXT RELEASE, POSSIBLY WITHOUT NOTICE.
.SH LIBRARY
karmaXt
.SH LINK WITH
-lkarmaXt
.SH FUNCTIONS
.IP \fIxtmisc_destroy_cbk\fP 1i
Destroy a popup widget.
.IP \fIxtmisc_event_init\fP 1i
Initialise periodic event management support under Xt.
.IP \fIxtmisc_ext_call\fP 1i
Call an extension function.
.IP \fIxtmisc_set_icon\fP 1i
Create an icon for an application's top level widget.
.IP \fIxtmisc_init_app_initialise\fP 1i
Initialise an application for Xt.
.IP \fIxtmisc_init_post_realise_arg_process\fP 1i
Process and remove arguments after main widget realisation.
.IP \fIxtmisc_init_get_pc_colourmap\fP 1i
Get PseudoColour colourmap with a minimum of free colourcells.
.IP \fIxtmisc_popup_cbk\fP 1i
Pop up a popup widget.
.IP \fIxtmisc_exclusive_popup_cbk\fP 1i
Pop up a popup widget with exclusive grab.
.IP \fIxtmisc_popdown_cbk\fP 1i
Pop down a popup widget.
.IP \fIxtmisc_sensitive_cbk\fP 1i
Make a widget sensitive.
.IP \fIxtmisc_insensitive_cbk\fP 1i
Make a widget insensitive.
.IP \fIxtmisc_toggle_cbk\fP 1i
Default toggle callback.
.IP \fIxtmisc_support_work_funcs\fP 1i
Register support for work functions within an Xt application.
.IP \fIxtmisc_PROTO_icon_func\fP 1i
Write an icon pixmap.
.SH TABLE xtmisc_INIT_ATTRIBUTES
List of attributes for <-xtmisc_init_app_initialise->

.TS
l l l
_ _ _
l l l.
Name                          Type         Meaning

XTMISC_INIT_ATT_END                        End of varargs list
XTMISC_INIT_ATT_MIN_CCELLS    unsigned int The min. number of colourcells
                                           that the application will want
                                           to allocate.
XTMISC_INIT_ATT_COMMS_SETUP   flag         If TRUE, communications setting
                                           up is performed
XTMISC_INIT_ATT_CONTROLLED    flag *       TRUE is written here if an
                                           external agent is controlling
XTMISC_INIT_ATT_VERBOSE       flag *       TRUE is written here if the
                                           "-verbose" flag is given by user
XTMISC_INIT_ATT_BECOME_SERVER flag         If TRUE, become a server
XTMISC_INIT_ATT_TITLE         char *       Title string is written here
.TE
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Gooch (rgooch@atnf.csiro.au)
.SH AVAILABLITY
The Karma Distribution is available for anonymous ftp from:

ftp://ftp.atnf.csiro.au/pub/software/karma/
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/karma/
ftp://ftp.pwr.wroc.pl/pub/karma/

The Karma Home Page is:

http://www.atnf.csiro.au/karma/
